U S2008 20957395 2  MEMORANDUM NO.:  RECIPIENT:  ______________________________________________________  CONFIDENTIAL  P RIVATE PLACEMEN T  MEMORANDUM  ______________________________________________________  COMMUNE   FUND V I,  LLC   (the  “ Company” ) Commune   Fund V I Management ,  LLC  ( the  “M anager”)  31248 Oak Crest  D rive  Suite  100  Westlake Village,  C alifornia 91361  805-367-3246 The  date of  this  Memorandum  is  March   12 , 2025  This   Confidential Private Placement  Memorandum contains highly confidential info rmation about the  Company .  Therefore, the information in this document is being issued for the sole purpose of informing the  recipient named above.  By receipt of this document, the recipient agrees that  the recipient   will not copy,  distribute  or by any other means make available the contents of this document to any individual or entity,  without the express written consent of the  Company .  Further, should the recipient be in a  conflicted situation  with respect to the contents of this document, the recipient agrees to immediately return this document to the  Manager , and to destroy any copies of this document, whether stored on paper, in a computer or in any other  format and/or medium.   2  CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM   This Confidential Private Placement Memorandum (the “ Memorandum ”) has been prepared on a  confidential basis and is intended solely for the use of the recipient named on the cover hereof in connection  with this offering.  Each recipient, by accepting delivery of this memorandum, agrees not to make a copy  of the same or   to divulge the contents hereof to any person other than a legal, business, investment or tax  advisor in connection with obtaining the advice of any such persons with respect to this offering.   The Memorandum relates to an offering (the “ Offering ”) of  membership  interests ( “ Interests ” or  “ Units ” ) of   Commune  Fund  VI , LLC  (the “ Commune V I ”).  The Offering is made only to certain qualified  investors.   ( See  “Qualification of Investors ”).    Prospective   investors should carefully consider the material  factors described under “Risk Factors,” together with the other information appearing in this Memorandum,  prior to purchasing any of the Interests offered hereby.   THE INTERESTS OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR  DISAPPROVED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE “SEC”) OR  THE SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE.  THE INTERESTS ARE  BEING OFFERED PURSUANT TO  ONE OR MORE   EXEMPTION S  FROM THE  REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  “1933 ACT”), AND THE SECURITIES LAWS OF CERTAIN STATES AND MAY NOT BE SOLD,  TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS THE TRANSACTION  RELATED THERETO SHALL COMPLY   WITH OR BE EXE MPT WITHIN THE MEANING OF  THE 1933 ACT AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE  SEC  AND OF APPROPRIATE  STATE AUTHORITIES AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  NEITHER THE  SEC  NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY HAS MADE AN  INDEPENDENT DETERMINATION OF THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS  MEMORANDUM, OR THAT THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREIN ARE EXEMPT FROM  REGISTRATION.   This Memorandum does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall  there be any sale of the Interests by any person, in any state in which it is unlawful for such person to make  such offer, solicitation or sale.  No offe ring literature or advertising in any form other than this  Memorandum shall be considered to constitute an Offering of the Interests.  No person has been authorized  to make any representation with respect to the Interests except the representations contained herein.  Any  representation other than those set forth in this Memorandum and any information other than that contained  in documents and records furnished by the  Company   upon request must not be relied upon.  Neither the  delivery of this Memorandum nor any sale made hereunder shall, under any circumstances, create an  implication that there has been no change in the matters set forth herein since the date of this Memorandu m.   Sales of Interests may be made only to investors deemed suitable for an investment under the  criteria set forth in this Memorandum.  The  Manager   reserves the right, notwithstanding any such offer, to  withdraw or modify the Offering and to reject any subscriptions for the Interests in whole or in part for any  or no reason.  The mailing address of the  Company   is  31248 Oak Crest Drive, Suite 100 , Westlake Village,  California 9136 1 , and the  Company’s   telephone number is (805)  367 - 3246 .  THE INTERESTS BEING OFFERED HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE 1933 ACT  AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE, BUT ARE  BEING OFFERED AND SOLD FOR PURPOSES OF INVESTMENT AND IN RELIANCE ON THE  STATUTORY EXEMPTIONS CONTAINED IN  SECTION 4 (A) (2)   OF THE 1933 ACT AND IN  RELIANCE ON APPLICABLE EXEMPTIONS UNDER STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  SUCH  INTERESTS MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED EXCEPT IN A  TRANSACTION WHICH IS EXEMPT UNDER THE 1933 ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE  3  SECURITIES LAWS, OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT  THEREUNDER OR IN A TRANSACTION OTHERWISE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 1933 ACT,  APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, THIS MEMORANDUM   AND  THE  COMPANY’S   AMENDED AND RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT .  4  TABLE OF CONTENTS   Page No.   SUMMARY  ....................................................................................................................................5   INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE AND STRATEGY  ....................................................................12   RISK FACTORS  ..........................................................................................................................15   USE OF PROCEEDS  ..................................................................................................................33   CONFLICTS OF INTEREST  ....................................................................................................33   MANAGEMENT  .........................................................................................................................37   DETERMINATION OF UNIT PRICE  .....................................................................................39   DESCRIPTION OF THE OPERATING AGREEMENT  .......................................................39   UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX ASPECTS  .....................................................51   INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS AND BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS  ...........51   PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION AND RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER  .................................56   PROCEDURES TO SUBSCRIBE  .............................................................................................56   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  ...............................................................................................59   5  SUMMARY   The following summary is qualified in its entirety by information   in the Operating  Agreement, as well as information   appearing elsewhere in this Memorandum.  Prospective  i nvestors  are urged to read the entire Memorandum and to seek the advice of their own counsel, tax consultants  and business advisors with respect to the legal, tax and business aspects of investing in the  Company .  If any of the terms, conditions, or other provisions of the Operating Agreement are inconsistent with  or contrary to the descriptions or terms in this Memorandum, the Operating Agreement will control.   Capitalized   terms referred to  but not defin ed  in this Memorandum  shall have the meanings ascribed  thereto   in the   Company’s   Limited Liability Company   Agreement  ( Exhibit  A ) (the “ Operating   Agreement ”) .    THE  COMPANY :   Commune  Fund   V I , L LC ,   a Delaware  limited  liability company   (“ Commune V I” ).  For  clarity , references to the “ Company ”  include Commune V I  and the Property Entit ies   (as defined below)  as the context requires.     THE  MANAGER:   The  manager   of the  Company   is  Commune  Fund V I   Management ,  LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “ Manager ”).   BUSINESS OBJECTIVE  AND STRATEGY:   Business Objectives .    The Company’s objectives are to seek capital  appreciation   and current income .     Strategy .  In seeking to achieve its objectives, the Company  intends  to   purchase, develop, and hold (directly or indirectly)   raw land and  other   real estate properties (each, a “ Property ” and collectively, the  “ Properties ”). The Company will generally own Properties through  special purpose entities and joint ventures (each, a “ Property  Entity ” and  collectively, the “ Property Entities ”).     While the Company may acquire and/or construct Properties of any  kind, the Company intends to focus primarily on multi - family  housing ground - up development, redevelopment, and enhancement  projects, which projects may include Properties designated as  afford able housing. Generally, “affordable housing” refers to multi - family housing where: (1) a percentage of units are rented to persons  earning less than a certain percentage of the area median income  (“ AMI ”);  and/or (2) a percentage of units are rented at rental rates  below a percentage of AMI. Different government affordable  housing programs apply different AMI percentages, maximum rental  rates, and other requirements.   In selecting multi - family housing  Properties for the Company (whether affordable housing or not), the  Manager considers, without limitation, one or more of the following  criteria:  (i) attractive prices due to market conditions or otherwise;  (ii) of fer potential for appreciation or income;  or  (iii) are held by owners with a motivation to sell (e .g., distressed sellers).  After acquiring a Property, the Manager seeks to leverage its principals’ collective knowledge and experience of the real estate market to implement one or more development, redevelopment,   or enhancement strategies for the Property. 6  TERM OF  THE   COMPANY :  TARGET RAISE :   UNIT PRICE:   OFFERING PERIOD:   RISK FACTORS:   A summary description of certain target  properties for the  Comp any’s  po rtfolio as of the date of this Memorandum is included  in Exhibit  B  of this Memoran dum (“ Target Properties ”).    Notwithstandin g the Comp any’s primary focus on multi -f amily  h ou sing, the Company may acquire any type of  real estate (e.g.,  office, retail, mixed use, self -s torage, etc.) where the Manager  identifies what it believes is an attractive opportunity.   There is no guarantee that the  Comp any   will be successful in  conducting th e  b usiness.   For more information, see  “Business  Objective  and Strategy”   below.   The term of the  Comp any  is   perpetual;  provided, however,  that   the  Company   may be dissolved or terminated at any time in accordance  with the   respective   Operating Agreement.   The   Company is   targeting   an   aggregate   raise   of   up  to  $ 7 5   million ;  however,  the Manager may raise or lower the target for the Offering  in its discretion.   The min imum investment in the Offering is  $1 00,000 .  Th ere is no maximum number of Units that an investor  may purchase, subject  to the max imum offering.  Notwithstanding  the foregoing, the Company reserves the right to accept or reject  subscriptions, in wh ole or in part, and the Manager may waive the  mini mum investment for any investor in its discretion.   The price per  Un it  ( “ Unit   Pr ice ”)  i s  currently  est imated  at   $1,000   per  U nit.      The  Manager expects the Offering  to continue  for   three   months ,  which may be extended by the Manager in its discretion (such  period, the “ Offering Period ”).  The in itial closing  is expected to  occur on or abo ut  March  22   202 5   (the “ Initial Closing ”). The  Manager, in its discretion, may hold additional closings to  issue and  sell Units as of the first business day of each month, or at any other  time determined by the Manager in its discretion (each such  additional closing and the Initial Closing are  hereinafter  referred to  as a “ Closing ”).    During the Offerin g Perio d, the Manager may make adju stments to  the Unit Price if the Company makes distributions to the Members  and/or if the  Manager determines that a material change in the value  of the assets of the Company has occurred.   Investmen t in   the  Company   involv es various and substantial risks,  including the risk that the assets  will   be invested in  high -r isk   investments, risks related to the limited transferability of the  Interests,  dependence upon the  Manager , certain tax risks and other  risks  described under “Risk Factors”  below.    TAX CONSEQUENCES :   IT IS NOT POSSIBLE TO PROVIDE A DESCRIPTION OF ALL  POTENTIAL TAX RISKS TO A PERSON CONSIDERING  INVESTING IN THE COMPANY. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS  7  SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THE SECTION OF THIS  MEMORANDUM ENTITLED “CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL  INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS”. PROSPECTIVE  INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO CONSULT THEIR OWN LEGAL  COUNSEL AND TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE TAX  CONSEQUENCES TO SUCH INVESTORS OF AN  INVEST MENT IN THE COMPANY.     ELIGIBLE  INVESTORS:   Interests in the  Company   are being offered for investment  only to   persons who are “accredited i nvestors,” as defined in Regulation D  under the 1933 Act  (“ Regulation D ”)  and  only after the  Company   has   taken reasonable steps to verify their accredited investor status  in accordance with Rule 506(c) of Regulation D .  ERISA  CONSIDERATIONS:   Investment in the  Company   is open  only  to accredited  i nvestors,  including pension and other employee benefit plans and IRAs.  The  Manager will   require any such  i nvestor that is subject to Title I of the  Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended  (“ ERISA ”) or subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code  of 1986, as amended (the “ Code ”) to provide customary  representations or assurances to determine compliance with ERISA  to the extent applicable.     SUBSCRIPTION  PROCEDURE :  Prospective investors   desiring to participate in the Offering are  invited to submit executed copies of the following documents  included in the Company’s Subscription Booklet   via DocuSign to the  Manager  or via the Company’s website ,  attached as  Exhibit  C:  (1 ) Investor Questionnaire; (2) Subscription Agreement;   and (3) Signature Page to the Operating Agreement. SUBSCRIPTION  AMOUNTS:   Prior to each Closing, each investor participating in such Closing  will deliver the Unit Price for all Units proposed to be purchased at  the Closing in accordance with the instructions to the Subscription  Booklet.   USE OF PROCEEDS:   The proceeds of the Offering   (after paying or reimbursing offering  expenses) will be used  to  implement the Company’s business strategy  (including, without limitation, to acquire   and develop   Properties) .  The Company may not be able to promptly invest the net proceeds of  this Offering in Properties. In the interim, the Company may invest in  short - term, highly liquid or other authorized investments.    DISTRIBUTIONS :   Distributions from the Company will be made on a  Property - by - Property  basis, and may be made at any time as determined by the  Manager in its discretion.  In general, distributions of current cash  from lease payments net of current expenses and the proceeds of  8  Qualifying Refinancings 1   (“ Cash Flow ”) will be made quarterly  within 45 days of the end of each calendar quarter. 2    Net cash  proceeds from the refinancing (other than proceeds of Qualif ying   Refinancings), sale or other disposition of a   Property  or any portion  of a  Property (“ Distributable Sales Proceeds ”) will generally be  distributed as soon as practicable after receipt thereof.    The Manager will withhold from any distribution amounts necessary  for payment of expenses and liabilities of the Company or its  subsidiaries, including payments to the Manager or its affiliates and  any additional amount considered appropriate by the Manage r to  create cash reserves for taxes, debt service, future expenses related  to the Company’s operation, insurance, repairs, replacements or  renewals and/or other obligations, costs, expenses and liabilities,  contingent or otherwise anticipated by the Manage r.   Cash Flow .  Distributions of Cash Flow will be made: (1 ) 70% to the  Members   pro rata in proportion to such Member’s Units; and (2)  30% to   Commune Equity Participation Program LLC (the “ Carry  Recipient ”) .  Distributable Sales Proceeds .  Distributions of Distributable Sales  Proceeds will be made:   1. T o the  Members   pro rata in proportion to such Member’s Units  until the  Member   has received distributions equal to the Member’s   aggregate unreturned Capital Contributions   to the Company ; 2. T hereafter, (1) 70% to the  Members   pro rata in proportion to such Member’s Units ; and (2) 30% to the  Carry Recipient . Distributions to the  Carry Recipient   are referred to as the “ Incentive  Allo cation .”  The Carry Recipient   may waive, in whole or in part,  the Incentive Allocation with respect to any person.   ALLOCATIONS:   Income or  l osses for any Fiscal Period (as defined in the Operating  Agreement) shall be allocated consistent with the distribution  schedules above.    1  “ Qualifying Refinancing ”  means: (i) any refinancing of a Property where the Post - Refinancing Property Equity is  equal to or greater than the product of:  (a) the  total capital contributions that the Company has invested in such  Property; multiplied by (b) 1.25; or (ii) any initial financing or refinancing of a Property where 70% or more of the  acquisition, development, and/or improvement costs were funded through cash assets of the Company (as opposed to  borrowed funds) ; and  “ Post - Refinancing Property Equity ” means, with respect to a Property, an amount equal to:  (a) the independent, third party valuation of such Property obtained in connection with a refinancing of the Property; less (b) the total amount of indebtedness on the Property following the refinancing.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company contributed only a portion of the capital used for the acquisition or enhancement of the Property (e.g., as the result of a co - investment), then the Post - Refinancing Property Equity will be adjusted down ward to be proportionate to the Company’s capital contributed to the Property as a fraction of all capital contributed to the Property. 2   Notwithstanding expected quarterly distributions, no distributions are expected to be made until at least one ful l q uarter of Company operations is completed. 9  DETERMINATION OF  UNIT PRICE :  The price per Unit calculation will reflect the total value of the  Company’s assets minus total value of liabilities, divided by the  number of Units outstanding as of the determination date.    The Unit price reflects the Manager’s estimate of the amount that  would be distributed on a per Unit basis, assuming: (i) a hypothetical  liquidation of each Property Entity; and (ii) a hypothetical  liquidation of the Company.    For more information about calculation of  Unit Price , see  “ Determination of Unit Price” below.   WITHDRAWALS;  TRANSFERS :  Prior to termination of the Company, Members will have no right to  voluntarily withdraw from the Company or to demand repayment of  their capital contributions (“ Capital Contributions ”).  Units are  subject to certain restrictions on transfer, as described herein,  including , without limitation,   obtaining Manager consent .  Please see  the section below entitled “Plan of Distribution and Restrictions on  Transfer.”   BORROWING;  LEVERAGE:  The Company may   borrow funds at rates   the Manager considers  appropriate   for purposes that include , without limitation, to: (i)  acquire  Properties ; (ii) pay expenses and manage cash flows of the  Company; (iii) develop a Property; (iv)  finance improvements to a  Property; (v) refinance existing indebtedness; or (v i ) to otherwise  protect any  Property  as determined by the Manager in its sole  discretion.    The Company as a whole will have leverage not to exceed   the lesser  of: (i) 75% of the loan - to - cost ratio ;  or (ii) 65% of the  projected   as - stabilized value ; provided, however  the  l everage with respect to any  Property  may significantly   exceed such percentages   when considered  on an individual basis .  While the Company generally expects loans to be secured by a single  property, the Company reserves the right to cross - collateralize  Properties.    The use of leverage may, in certain circumstances,  increase   the  adverse impact of any decline or loss from Properties.   The Manager  may modify the Company’s leverage  and  collateralization practices  from time to time .   FEES AND EXPENSES:   Offering Expenses .  The  Company is responsible for paying or  reimbursing the Manager for all costs and expenses associated with  the formation of the Company and  the Offering (including, without  limitation, legal, accounting, printing and mailing expenses).   Operating Expenses .   The  Company   will be responsible for its  operating expenses,  including, but not limited to, preparation of tax  returns, any state and  U.S.  federal income tax, legal fees   and  expenses , accounting fees, filing fees, any required independent audit  10   reports required by agencies governing the business activities of the  Company, operational expenses (including, without limitation,  the  cost s  of platforms such as InvestNext or Appfolio ,   and  research and  data  services such as  CoStar), acquisition expenses and fees,  contractors, construction expenses, capital expenses, and due  diligence costs and expenses.   Asset Management Fee . The Company will pay the Manager a  monthly   management fee, attributed to each Member pro rata based  upon their respective Units, equal to  2%  annualized of the  net asset  value  of  the Company.    Acquisition Fee .  The Company will pay the Manager or an affiliate  of the Manager (“ Manager Affiliate ”)  an acquisition fee for services  related to coordinating the acquisition of a Property equal to 1% of  the  sum of the purchase price  and  the budgeted cost of any  planned  improvements   of the applicable Property   at the time of initial  investment   by the Company .    Disposition Fee . The Company will pay the Manager or  a  Manager   A ffiliate a disposition fee for services related to coordinating the  disposition of a Property equal to 1% of the sales price of the  applicable Property.    Financing Fees . When the Company secures financing or refinances  a Property, in addition to fees of the lender, the Company or a  Property Entity will pay the Manager or  a Manager   A ffiliate a  financing fee equal to 1% of the amount financed.   Property Management Fee . The Property Entities will pay property  management fees (which are typically expected to be a percentage of  the aggregate revenues generated by the Property) to the property  manager of that Property, which property manager may be the  Manager,  a Manager A ffiliate, or third party.   Co nstruction Expenses .  When the Company undertakes renovation,  development, or construction projects, the applicable Property Entity  will pay the costs of such projects.   Construction Fee .  When the Company undertakes renovation or  construction projects, the Company or the applicable Property Entity  may engage a construction manager, which may be the Manager,  a  Manager A ffiliate, or third party.  Where the Manager or  a Manager  A ffiliate is engaged for such services, the fee for such services will  typically be ten percent (10%) of the total project costs (e.g., all hard  and soft costs).   Guarantor Fee .   If  the  l ender requires a guarantee,  then  the   Company  or its subsidiaries (as applicable) will pay compensation to  the  Manager, a Manager Affiliate, or a  third part y  (including, without  limitation, Members) who guarantee debt incurred by the Company  11   or its subsidiaries.   Any   compensation to the Manager or   a   Manager  A ffiliate in exchange for a guaranty will not exceed 2% of the amount  guaranteed per annum.   Other Service and Operating Fees .  In addition to the fees described  above, the Property Entities may engage service providers to provide  other services, including without limitation, brokerage, construction,  management, and operational services, which services may be  provided by the Man ager, a Manager  A ffiliate, or third party.  If a  Property Entity or the Company engages a third party service provider  instead of the Manager or  a Manager  A ffiliate, fees will be negotiated  at arm’s length.  However, if a Pr operty Entity engages the Manager  or  a  Manager  A ffiliate for services, the Property Entity or the  Company (as applicable) will pay fees based on the assessment of  prevailing market rates for the size, scope and other characteristics of  the applicable project, as determined by such entity’s manager (whic h  may be the Manager or  a Manager  A ffiliate).   SELLING  COMPENSATION:   Andes Capital Group LLC (the “ Placement Agent ”),  an SEC - registered broker - dealer and member of FINRA, has been engaged to  refer investors to the  Company .  The  Company   will pay compensation  to the Placement Agent for introducing  investors   to the  Company   (“ Placement Fees ”), to the extent consistent with applicable laws and  regulations.   Placement Fees will be an expense of the  Company .       AUDITOR:   The  Company   expects to engage  Brown Armstrong Accountancy  Corporation   as the auditor (the “ Auditor ”).     LEGAL  COUNSEL:   The Manager’s and the   Company’s   legal counsel is Kilpatrick  Townsend & Stockton LLP  (“ Kilpatrick Townsend ”) .  In the event  of a conflict between the Manager and the  Company , Kilpatrick  Townsend will represent the Manager.  No counsel has been engaged  to represent the Members.   FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS:   The Manager intends to provide periodic reports to the Members  regarding the Company and its performance, and will provide  financial statements to Members annually within 120 days after the  end of each fiscal year (or as soon as reasonably practicable  ther eafter).  U.S. federal income tax information will be provided  annually.   FUTURE OFFERINGS:   Under the Operating Agreement, the Manager has the discretion to  issue additional equity interests in the  Company .    12   BUSINESS OBJECTIVE AND STRATEGY   Objective      The Company’s objective s   are   to seek capital appreciation   and current income .       There is no assurance that these objectives will be achieved or that the value of the Company’s assets, and  Member’s Interest, will not decrease. Furthermore, within the investment objectives and policies, the  Manager will have substantial discretion with  respect to the selection of specific real estate investments and  the purchase and sale of assets.      Business   Strategy     In seeking to achieve its objectives, the Company intends to purchase, develop, and hold (directly or  indirectly) raw land and other  real estate properties.        While the Company may acquire and/or construct Properties of any kind, the Company intends to focus  primarily on multi - family housing ground - up development, redevelopment, and enhancement projects,  which projects may include Properties designated as afford able housing. Generally, “affordable housing”  refers to multi - family housing where: (1) a percentage of units are rented to persons earning less than a  certain percentage of the area median income (“ AMI ”);  and/or (2) a percentage of units are rented at re ntal  rates below a percentage of AMI. Different government affordable housing programs apply different AMI  percentages, maximum rental rates, and other requirements.   In selecting multi - family housing Properties  for the Company (whether affordable housing or not), the Manager considers, without limitation, one or  more of the following criteria: (i) attractive prices due to market conditions or otherwise; (ii) offer pote ntial  for appreciation or income; or (iii) are held by owners with a motivation to sell (e .g., distressed sellers).   After acquiring a Property, the Manager seeks to leverage its principals’ collective knowledge and  experience of the real estate market to implement one or more development, redevelopment, or  enhancement strategies for the Proper ty.      A summary description of certain  T arget  P roperties is included in  Exhibit  B   of this Memorandum .     Notwithstanding the Company’s primary focus on multi - family housing, the Company may acquire any  type of real estate  (e.g., office, retail, mixed use, self - storage, etc.) where the Manager identifies what it  believes is an attractive opportunity.   Portfolio Diversity .    There is no minimum or maximum number of Properties in which the Company may  invest.  The number and diversity of Properties in which the Company invests at any given time will depend  on the total amount of capital available to the Company, the number an d types of opportunities identified  by the Manager for the Company, the amount of capital invested in those opportunities, and other factors.   The Manager expects that the Company will be concentrated in a small number of Properties at  any given  time.     Geography .  The Company may invest in Properties in any U.S. location; however, there is no requirement  that the Company achieve any geographic diversification among its Properties.  In general, the Manager  will primarily target investing in or around large cities  in areas that have elements that are attractive to  prospective tenants (e.g., dense housing, transit connections, walkability, restaurants and bars).  The  Manager currently expects that the Company’s Properties will  be   concentrated in a small numb er of  metropolitan areas.   While the Company may invest in Properties in any U.S.  l ocation, the Manager expects    13   at least some, if not all, of the Company’s affordable housing project(s) will rely on Los Angeles Executive  Directive 1 (ED   1). 3     Financing .  The Manager  will   arrange debt financing or refinancing for Properties.  Financing may be  obtained at the time a property is acquired or an investment is made or at such later time as the Manager  determines to be appropriate. The Manager will typically seek non - recourse de bt; however, the Manager  reserves the right to obtain recourse debt, in which case the Company or a subsidiary will pay compensation  to third parties, including, without limitation, the Manager, Manager  A ffiliates, or Members, w ho guarantee  debt incurred by the Company or its subsidiaries.      Sourcing .    The Manager will source land sites for ground - up development, redevelopment, or enhancement.  The Manager typically screens Properties on the basis of price, location, condition, use, and potential for  development,  improvement, repositioning, or enhancement, and other similar factors.  In selecting  Properties, the Manager also intends to utilize its network of brokers,  developers, contractors,  law firms,  real estate investment trusts , mortgage holders, and owner/operators with active real estate o perations to  identify potential  sites and  Properties for the Company.  Before proceeding with preliminary due diligence ,  the Manager will apply a quantitative stress test to screen out economically inferior assets.  Only Properties  which the Manager believes are consistent with the Company’s strategy and return objective s   will be  selected.     Due Diligence .  The Manager’s due diligence process for new Properties will generally include:  (i) analysis  of the supply and demand and other market characteristics in the selected markets; (ii) evaluation of  engineering and environmental reports , if any ; (iii) historical   (if applicable)   and pro - forma economic  analysis of the investment opportunity; (iv) determination of available financing; (v) coordination with  consultants, legal counsel, tax advisers and other professionals both inside and outside of t he Manager’s  organization ; (vi) evaluating compliance with zoning regulations, building codes, and permitting  requirements; (vii) barriers to entry; and (viii) for affordable housing projects, eligibility for and benefits  from affordable housing programs.     Additionally, the Manager will analyze preliminary development plans for the Property, which will include  development schedule and estimated costs (including, without limitation, construction costs, engineering  costs, permits, financing costs, legal). The  Company will engage third parties, including, without limitation,  contractors, developers, architects, and engineers, to assist in designing the development plans and permit  the plans for development.      Specific  Property Characteristics .  In selecting Properties, the Manager intends to identify Properties with  particular characteristics that are consistent with the Company’s objectives of capital appreciation   and  opportunities for current or future income , which may include, but are not limited to,  one or more   of the  following:   •   Convenient access to major urban centers;   •   Convenient access to a wide variety of personal and professional services;   •   Underperforming and available at a disproportionate discount to “stabilized” property values;     3   According to the Los Angeles City Planning website, Executive Directive 1 expedites the processing of 100%  affordable housing projects in the City of Los Angeles and “eligible projects receive expedited processing, clearances,  and approvals through the ED 1 Ministerial Approval Process.” Further, “100 Percent Affordable Housing Project” is  defined as “a housing project with five or more units, and with all units affordable either at 80% of Area Median  Income or lower (U.S. Department of Housing and Urban De velopment (HUD) rent levels), or at mixed income with  up to 20% of units at 120% AMI (California Department of Housing and Community Development (HCD) rent levels)  and the balance at 80% AMI or lower (HUD/TCAC rent levels)[.]”     14   •   Distressed sellers or assets seeking timely disposition due to investor mandates, maturing loans  or financial challenges;  and   •   Distressed mortgage holders which may be confronted with regulatory and financial directives  to improve their balance sheets through the sale of both performing and non - performing assets.     Development and  Enhancement Strategies .  After the Company has acquired a Property, the Manager will  generally employ one or more enhancement strategies to increase the Property’s value, including, without  limitation:   •   Development of raw land or an undeveloped portion of a Property;    •   Redeveloping of a Property;    •   Renovating or repositioning a Property;   •   Improving operating efficiencies and increasing operating margins by leveraging economies of  scale for Properties;  and    •   Optimizing the financial structure of the Company’s assets on favorable terms.      The Manager’s  development and  enhancement strategies are intended to advance the potential for  opportunistic returns.  Accordingly, the Manager will consider a Property’s  development and  enhancement  potential as part of each Property’s selection analysis.     Sale of Properties .   T he Company may sell Properties from time to time when the Manager believes it is  advisable to do so ; however, after implementing one or more development or enhancement strategies, the  Company may operate the Properties .  The Manager will decide, in its sole discretion, how long to hold  each Property owned by the Company; provided, however, that Properties that are owned with other  investors may also be subject to the decision - making of joint owners.       Potential Investment Structures .   The Company may form and own Property Entities that acquire,  develop,  manage, and operate Properties and hold title to the Property.  The Company may also invest in Properties  in conjunction with Manager  A ffiliates or other third parties.     Joint Investment Opportunities .   The Company may enter into joint - venture  or co - ownership structures  with  other entities and persons, including, but not limited to, entities of which all of or certain of the Members  or Manager  A ffiliates may be interest holders, if the Manager, in its discretion, determines that such  arrangements are in the Company’s best interests.  Any co - investment, joint - venture, or other co - ownership  opportunity provided to any Member or third party will be  on such terms and conditions  as the Manager,  in its discretion, may determine are suitable or appropriate for the Company.       Borrowing     The Company may  borrow funds at rates the Manager  considers appropriate   for purposes that   includ e ,  without limitation, to: (i) acquire  Properties ; (ii) pay expenses and manage cash flows of the Company;  (iii)  develop a Property;  (i v ) finance improvements to a Property; (v) refinance existing indebtedness; or (v i ) to  otherwise protect any  Property   or other asset as determined by the Manager in its sole discretion.    The Company as a whole will have leverage not to exceed the lesser of: (i) 75% of the loan - to - cost ratio ;   or (ii) 65% of the  projected   as - stabilized value; provided, however , that   the  l everage with respect to any  Property may significantly exceed such percentages when considered on an individual basis.   While the Company generally expects loans to be secured by a single property, the Company reserves the  right to cross - collateralize Properties.      15   The Company may borrow money from third parties, including, without limitation, banks, or from affiliates  of  the Manager ; provided that loans from  Manager Affiliates   will be on terms reasonably consistent with,  or better than, terms for loans observed by the Manager or reasonably believed by the Manager to be  available in the market. The indebtedness may be unsecured or may be secured by mortgages or other  interests i n the Company’s properties and the  Manager or  Manager A ffiliates may act as guarantors for  some or all of the Company’s debts. Where the Company borrows money to make investments, it will  typically have the effect of increasing the overall effect of leverage (and the leverage risk) of the Company.   The Manager may modify the Company’s leverage  and collateralization practices from time to time.       Additional Types of Investments     During any period where the Company holds cash that is not invested in Properties or other investments,  the Company may invest such cash  directly or indirectly  in money market instruments, including U.S.  government obligations or corporate debt obligations (including those subject to repurchase agreements).   Money market instruments generally include investments in short - term debt and monetary instruments.   Such  instruments are typically highly liquid forms of debt with maturities of less than one year.  Th e  Company also has the flexibility to invest in cash or cash equivalent positions at the Manager’s discretion.  The Company may hold cash or cash equivalent positions for extended periods of time while the Manager  awaits the real estate markets to offer mor e attractive opportunities.     The Manager reserves the right to modify the Company’s objective and strategy when deemed appropriate,  and to invest in securities or other financial instruments in addition to the foregoing .   RISK FACTORS   An investment in the Company is speculative and involves a high degree of risk . Accordingly, an  investment in the Company  should be  undertaken only by investors with financial resources sufficient to  enable them to assume such risk and to retain an illiquid investment for an indefinite period.     Risks Relating to the Form and Internal Operations of the Company.     Investors could lose their entire investment in the Company.      All investments involve a risk of financial loss. An investment in the Company is highly risky and  speculative and there is no assurance that the Company’s investments will be successful, profitable or that  any distributions will be made to the Members. Ea ch prospective investor should consult with their attorney  or business advisors prior to making an investment .     The Company and the Manager are newly formed entities with no operating history upon which  prospective investors can evaluate the Company’s performance.     Prospective investors have no track record or history of the Company   or the Manager on which to base their  investment decisions. The Company and the Manager are subject to all of the business risks and  uncertainties associated with any new business, including the risk that the Company and/or the Manager  will not achieve the ir investment objectives and that the value of Company’s investments could decline  substantially.     The Company   and   the Manager have minimal operating capital, no significant assets and no revenue  from operations.       16   The Company   and the Manager have minimal operating capital and for the foreseeable future will be  dependent upon the Company’s ability to finance its operations from the sale of  equity or other financing  alternatives. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully raise operating capital.  The failure to successfully raise operating capital would have a material adverse effect on the Company  and the Members .     Although the Company currently intends to invest the proceeds from any sale of the Units offered hereby  as soon as practicable, such investments may be delayed if suitable investments are unavailable at the  time.      Pending investment, the net proceeds of the Offering may be invested in permitted temporary investments,  which include short - term U.S. government securities, bank certificates of deposit and other short - term  liquid investments. The rate of return on these  investments, which affects the amount of cash available to  make distributions, may be less than the return obtainable from the type of investments in the real estate  industry the Company seeks to originate or acquire. Therefore, delays the Company encounte rs in the  selection, due diligence and origination or acquisition of investments would likely limit its ability to pay  distributions and lower overall returns.     There is no assurance that the Company will achieve investment results that will allow the Company to  make a distribution, nor is there any ability to project the amount of distributions a Member will receive.      The Company’s ability to make distributions depends on the Company generating cash flow or distributable  sales proceeds that exceed the Company’s liabilities (including, without limitation, the Manager’s  projections of upcoming and future Company liabiliti es).  The amount of cash flow and distributable sale  proceeds generated by the Company depends   on, among other things, the Company’s  operations,  earnings,  net investment income, financial condition, compliance with applicable regulations ,   and other factors .  Therefore, there can be no assurance as to when or whether there will be any distributions from the  Company to the Members.     There can be no assurance that the Company will recognize gains on liquidation.     In the event of a dissolution or termination of the Company, the proceeds realized from the liquidation of  the assets of the Company will be distributed among the Members, but only after the satisfaction of the  claims of third - party creditors of the Compan y, including lenders (if any) and certain fees owed to the  Manager or  Manager A ffiliates.  The ability of a Member to recover all or any portion of such Member’s  investment under such circumstances will accordingly depend on the amount of net proceeds real ized from  such liquidation and the amount of claims to be satisfied therefrom.       The Manager will have control over the Company and make all decisions.      Members by virtue of their status as Members will have no control over the management of the business  activities or affairs of the Company.  All decisions regarding management of the Company will be made  by the Manager, including, without limitation, decis ions regarding acquisition, disposition and  development, the terms of any current and future loans,  and  the management and leasing of the Properties.   Consequently, a protective investor should not become a Member unless the prospective investor is willing   to entrust management of the Company to the Manager.  The Manager must:  (i) identify and respond to  changes in the markets in which the Company operates; (ii) coordinate the  acquisition and  development  or  construction  of Properties; (iii)   assure that the maintenance of Properties is attended to; (iv) manage  operating expenses; and (v) make strategic decisions regarding management and disposition of Properties.   The Company makes no representation or warranty as to the f uture skills of the Manager in succe ssfully    17   performing such tasks.  The Manager may be removed and/or replaced as provided in the Operating  Agreement.     The Company will be subject to various conflicts of interest arising out of the Company’s relationship  with Manager and Manager  A ffiliates.       Because the Company was organized by the Manager and will be operated by the Manager, conflicts arising  out of the Company’s relationship to the Manager and Manager  A ffiliates will not be resolved through  arm’s length negotiations between disinterested parties, but through the exercise of the Manager’s judgment  consistent with its fiduciary responsibilities to the Company.  Likewise, the fees to be paid to the Manager  and   Manager A ffiliates (including, without limitation, employees and agents of such person s), and the terms  regarding the payment by the Company for all costs and expenses associated with the Company, have not  been and will not be the subject of arm’s length negotiations.  If the Manager or  Manager A ffiliates make  loans to the Company or the Company purchases assets from the Manager or  Manager A ffiliates, the terms  of such loans and the consideration paid by the Company for such assets (which will be based upon the  price paid by the Manager or  Manager A ffiliate, unadjusted by depreciation expens e for book and tax  purposes) may exceed their fair market value.  The Manager and  Manager A ffiliates are and will be engaged  in various aspects of the real estate investment, development and management business for the Company  and other persons or entities.  Each of the foregoing represents conflicts of interest for the Manager and  subjects the  Company to the risk that the Manager will not, or will not be able to, navigate such conflicts  of interest without any disadvantages or adverse effects to the Compan y.  For further information with  respect to conflicts of interest of which prospective investors should be aware in making a decision to  participate in the Offering, see “Conflicts of Interest.” Because of the foregoing conflicts of interest for the  Manage r, potential investors should consider, with appropriate third party advisers, any decision to  participate in the Offering.     The Company’s success depends on the ability of the Manager to formulate and implement a strategy to  identify, develop, operate, and monitor  i nvestment opportunities.     Identification of investment opportunities to be pursued by the Manager involves a high degree of  uncertainty.  There can be no assurance that the Manager will be able to identify or negotiate acceptable  terms   for the acquisition of the Properties or that the Company will be able to acquire the Properties.   Further, n o assurance can be given that the Manager will be able to locate investment opportunities in which  to deploy all of the Company’s capital.   The  Company can make no assurances that acquisitions ma de using  the net proceeds of this Offering will produce a return on investment.    Any significant delay in investing  the net proceeds of this Offering would have a material adverse effect on the Company ’s ability to  generate  cash flow and make distributions to the Members.     The Offering is a blind pool offering, and therefore, Members will not have the opportunity to evaluate  investments before the Company makes the investment, which makes investments more speculative.      The Company will seek to invest substantially all of   the net offering proceeds of this Offering, after the  payment of fees and expenses, in the acquisition of or investment in interests in assets. While the Manager  has identified the Target Properties, the Company has not identified all of the assets the Co mpany expects  to invest in and because Members will be unable to evaluate the economic merit of assets before the  Company invests in the investment, the Members will have to rely on the ability of the Manager to select  suitable and successful investment op portunities.      The Company will indemnify the Manager.        18   The Operating Agreement provides that the Company will indemnify and hold harmless the Manager and  its members, officers, directors, agents, employees, and independent advisors hired by or providing  consultation to the Manager, from and against any and all   losses, claims, damages and liabilities to which  they may be subject, insofar as they arise by virtue of their performance of services for the Company under  its Operating Agreement, generally, to the fullest extent permitted by law.     The  Properties  may be concentrated   in a geographic region or in a few Properties   and will be subject to  risk  of  default.     While the Company intends to diversify its portfolio of investments in the manner described in this  Memorandum , the Company is not required to observe specific diversification criteria. The Company has  not established and do es   not plan to establish any investment criteria to limit the Company’s exposure to  these risks for future investments. To the extent that the Company’s portfolio is concentrated in any one  geographic region, downturns relating generally to such region may r esult in default on the Compan y’s  investments within a short time period, which may reduce net income and the value of the Company. The  Company’s performance will be wholly dependent on the performance of the  Properties . If the Company  is invested in a small number of  Properties , difficulties, problems or losses at any one  Property   will likely  have a substantial adverse effect on the Company’s performance, and may more than offset returns for the  Company in other  Properties .    As a result, prospective investors should consider an investm ent in the  Company to be subject to greater risk because the Company is likely to be concentrated and not significantly  diversified.     There is generally limited publicly available information about real properties, and the Company must  therefore rely on due diligence conducted by the Manager or  Manager A ffiliates in selecting Properties  for investment by the Company.       The Manager will perform due diligence on each investment prior to its acquisition.   In making the  assessment and otherwise  conducting customary due diligence, the Manager relies on resources available  to it and, in some cases, an investigation by third parties.   The Manager and Manager Affiliates will not be  required to seek to verify such information.   Regardless of the thoroughness of the due diligence process,  not all circumstances affecting the value of an investment can be ascertained through the due diligence  process. If the materials provided to the Manager are inaccurate, if the Manager does not s ufficiently  investigate  or follow up on matters brought to its attention as part of the due diligence process or if the due  diligence process fails to detect material facts that impact the value determination, the Company may  acquire an investment that results in significant loss es to the Company or may overpay for an investment,  which would cause the Company’s performance to suffer.      Any financial projections are subject to variations that may be material and are only an informed  estimate based upon currently available information about the factors considered.     The Company may have prepared certain financial projections using estimates of revenues and expenses  and other factors considered reasonable by the Manager based on the Manager’s experience ,   and  may make   such projections   available to prospective investors.    Although the Manager considers any such estimates  and assumptions regarding certain facts and future events to be reasonable, the Company and the Manager  will have little or no control over whether many of the estimates or assumptions prove to be accurat e.  No  assurance can be given that any projected financial results can be achieved, or that the Company will be  profitable.     No public trading market for the Units currently exists; therefore, it will be difficult for Members to sell  their Units and, if a Member is able to sell their Units, such sale will likely be at a substantial discount.       19   The Operating Agreement does not require the Manager to seek approval of the Members to liquidate the  Company’s assets by a specified date, nor does the Operating Agreement require the Manager to list the  Units for trading on a national securities exchange   by a specified date. There is no public market for the  Units and the Company currently has no plans to list the Units on a stock exchange or other trading market.  Until the Units are listed, if ever, Members may not sell the Units unless the buyer meets t he applicable  suitability and minimum purchase standards. Further, Members will be required to obtain the prior written  consent of the Manager to transfer Units. If Members are able to sell the Units, Members would likely have  to sell them at a substantial   discount. It is also likely that the Units would not be accepted as the primary  collateral for a loan. Because of the illiquid nature of the Units, prospective investors should purchase the  Units only as a long - term investment and be prepared to hold them   for an indefinite period of time.     The terms of joint ownership arrangements into which the Company may enter could impair operating  flexibility and results of operation of the Company.      The Company may acquire Properties or interests in Properties with third parties through partnerships, joint  ventures or other entities.  Although the Company may not have exclusive control over these Properties,  and therefore, may have a limited ability t o protect its position therein, the Manager expects the appropriate  rights will be negotiated to protect the Company’s interests.  There can be no assurance that such rights will  be available or that such rights will provide sufficient protection of the Co mpany’s rights and that these  third parties may receive rights superior to those granted to the Company.  Furthermore, owning an interest  in such Properties   may involve risks not present where a third party is not involved, including the possibility  that a third - party partner or co - venturer may have financial difficulties resulting in a negative impact on  such Property, may have economic or business interests  or goals which are inconsistent with those of the  Company, or may be in a position to take (or bloc k) action in a manner contrary to the Company’s business  objectives.  There also can be no assurance that the Company’s relationship with any such third - party  partner or co - venturer will continue (whether on currently applicable terms or otherwise) with re spect to  the Company or that any relationship with other such persons will be able to be established in the future as  desired with respect to any sector or geographic market and on terms favorable to the Company.  In addition,  the Company may in certain ci rcumstances be liable for the actions of third - party partners or co - venturers.   Further, acquisitions of Properties or interests in Properties with third parties in joint ventures or other  entities may involve carried interests and/or other fees payable to   such third - party partners or co - investors,  which could reduce operating cash for the Company.      The Company is dependent upon certain service providers.     The Company may depend on the services of service providers, including, without limitation, property  management companies and developers ,   which service providers may include Manager Affiliates . There  can be no assurances that such service providers will successfully provide the agreed upon services to the   applicable   Property . If such service  providers are unsuccessful, the Company may incur less revenue than  projected from and could incur liabilities resulting from loss or injury to a   Property .   T he Company will  rely on the efforts  of   services providers that are engaged with respect to the operation, development and  marketing of the Properties, and the Company’s income from the Properties will be impacted by the  performance of the service providers.   Service providers may own or operate properties that compete with  the Properties, which may resu lt in conflicts of interest and such parties may make decisions regarding  competing properties or  a   Property’s operations that are not or would not be in the Company’s best interests.       If a service provider should become unable or unwilling to provide services to the Company, the Company  would have to find another service provider.  The Company cannot make any assurances that such a  replacement could be found or, if another service provi der were found, that the Company would be able to  enter into a new agreement favorable to the Company.  In addition, any new service provider may operate  other properties that may compete with the applicable Property or divert attention away from the appli cable    20   Property.  There would be disruption during any change of management that could adversely affect the  Company.     The Company’s service providers (including lenders, brokers, attorneys and investment banking firms)  will from time to time be investors in one or more entities   operated by the Manager   and/or be sources of  investment opportunities or counterparties to any of the foregoing, which presents a conflict of interest.      The Manager’s and the Company’s relationship with service providers  could influence  the Manager   in  deciding whether to select such a service provider or have other relationships with such service provider.  Advisors, consultants and other service providers to the  Company ,  the Manager ,  or the Manager Affiliates  could charge different rates for their services or have different arrangements for specific types of services,  which are more beneficial to certain of such persons than others and/or may benefit   the Ma nager  to a greater  degree than the benefit accorded to the  Company . Such benefits could include more favorable rates or  arrangements than those payable by the  Company . Any service providers can be removed by the  Manager   at any time without the consent of, or notice to, the   Membe rs .     Valuation of Properties and the determination of the Unit Price will involve judgment s by the Manager .      The Unit Price will be determined by the Manager, taking into account several inputs deemed reasonable  by the Manager.  As noted above, the Manager will estimate the Unit Price, in part, upon appraisals of the  Properties and other inputs deemed appropriate   by the Manager.  While the  a ppraisals will be performed  by a third party, the appraisals are only an estimate and are based upon numerous assumptions.    Accordingly, the Manager cannot and does not make any representation as to the accuracy of any appraisa l  or the Unit Price.  There can be no guarantee that the Unit Price represents the intrinsic or market value of  a Unit and the actual value of a Unit may differ substantially from the Unit Price.   As a result, additional  Units may be offered and sold at valuations materially more or less than the Company’s valuation would  be if the Company was liquidated and its investments were sold.   V aluation   determinations are subjective  and uncertain, and if such valuations   should prove to be incorrect, Members could b e adversely affected.     Certain market events can increase volatility and exacerbate market risk, such as changes in  governments’ economic policies, political turmoil, environmental events,  wars,  and epidemics,  pandemics or other public health issues.       Such events may result in  closing borders, quarantines, cancellations, and disruptions to supply chains and  other business and customer activity, changes in demand for goods and services, as well as general concern  and uncertainty, thus causing significant disruptions to (and volat ility in) global and domestic business  activity and financial markets, the broad effects of which are currently difficult to assess.   For  example,   the  outbreak and prolonged effects of COVID - 19 ,  the  ongoing conflict   between  Russia and   Ukraine ,   and  the  conflict between Israel and  militant groups   in the Gaza Strip   have resulted in in disruptions and volatility  in business activities and financial markets. Any such change can have  a profound negative impact on  market and business conditions (including market and business conditions that   may   affect the Company)  and may result in a period of prolonged economic downturn.  No assurance can be made regarding the  ultimate financial impact that  any such events   will have on the Company;  however, any negative economic  impact resulting from  such events   could adversely affect the performance of the Company in the future.   The Manager cannot reasonably estimate the ultimate impact  such events may have   on the Company’s  business, revenues, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition . The impact of any such event  will  depend on, among other things, the duration  of such event , the impact of government actions   in  response to any such event , the effectiveness of actions taken, and chan ges to consumer and customer  behaviors as a result   of the applicable event .      Geopolitical events, conditions and policies may adversely affect the Company.       21     Current national and international political and economic events and policies, the  volatility of the price of  oil, natural disasters   (including , without limitation,   wildfires , floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornados )   or  other acts of God, the decrease in or lack of the availability of credit and financing for national and  international businesses, the continued threat of terrorism both within the United States and abroad, the  ongoing military and other government and  economic actions  (including, without limitation, wars and other  international conflicts)  and heightened security precauti ons in response to these threats, and international  tensions between the United States and other nations may cause declines in the real estate markets and/or  economic activity resulting in adverse effects on the value of the Properties.  The Manager may no t be able  to accurately anticipate or predict the extent and timing of any decreases or increases in the values of real  estate markets resulting from the above factors, or how any such decreases or increases might affect the  value of the Properties.  Any s uch failure could adversely affect the Company’s performance.     The Company is dependent  on financial systems   and any   distress  to financial systems  may adversely  affect the Company.      The Company will rely on financial institutions (“banks”) for custody, safe - keeping, and management of  cash resources, including deposit and operating accounts, as well as credit or other financing arrangements.   Accordingly, distress at one or more banks  used by the Company may impair or prevent access to cash,  credit, and other financing resources.  Risks related to banks  remain   particularly heightened in the current  elevated   interest rate environment, and recent events have included the suspension of ope rations and federal  takeover of certain banks.  While the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) insures cash balances  of up to $250,000 per depositor, per bank, amounts in excess of $250,000 in an account at a failed bank are  at risk for availabilit y and loss.  If any financial institution with which the Company   maintains deposits or  has credit arrangements were to experience financial distress or other circumstances that impair the ability  of the Company to  access deposited amounts (even if such amo unts are FDIC insured or otherwise backed  by government support) or make draw downs on existing credit facilities, the inability of the Company   to  access such amounts would have a material and adverse effect on the Company.  Furthermore, financial  system risks that impact any counterparty of the Company could materially and adversely impact the  Company.     The  Company   and its service providers may  experience breaches resulting from   operational and  information security risks resulting from breaches in cybersecurity.       A breach in cybersecurity refers to both intentional and unintentional events that may cause the  Company   to lose proprietary information, suffer data corruption or lose operational capacity.     Breaches in  cybersecurity include, among other things, stealing or corrupting data maintained online or digitally, denial - of - service attacks on websites, the unauthorized release of confidential information or various other forms  of cyber - attacks.     Cybersecurity breaches affecting the  Company , affiliates of the  Company , or other third - party service providers may adversely impact the  Company . For instance, cybersecurity breaches may  interfere with the processing of  investor   transactions, cause the release of private  investor   information or  confidential business information,   cause   physical damage to a compute r   or network system, subject the  Company   or   its   service providers  to regulatory fines or financial losses, and/or cause reputational damage,  any of which would adversely affect the  Company .     The  Company   may incur addit ional costs for  cybersecurity risk management purposes.     The  Company   may incur significant costs to remedy any breach  in cybersecurity. Although the  Company   will take steps to mitigate the risks of breaches in cybersecurity,  there is no guarantee that such steps will be successful.     The  Company  and its service providers  rel y   on  third - party service providers for many of  their   day - to - day operations and  are   therefore subject to the risk  that the protections and protocols implemented by those  third - party  servic e providers will be ineffective in  protecting the  Company   or its service providers  from cybersecurity breaches.     Similar types of    22   cybersecurity risks are also present for the obligors of assets the  Company   may acquire or hold, which could  result in material adverse consequences for such obligors and may cause the  Company ’s assets to lose value.   Misconduct  or substandard performance  by employees of the Manager   or Manager Affiliates, co - investors,   or by third - party service providers could cause significant losses to the  Company .      Misconduct may include  misappropriation of assets, fraud,  entering into transactions without authorization,  failure to comply with operational and risk procedures   or other agreed upon standards ( including , without  limitation,   due diligence procedures , construction materials),   entering into self - interested transactions,  misrepresentations as to investments being considered by the  Company , the improper use or disclosure of  confidential information,   providing false or inaccurate reports of due diligence or ope ration of Properties,   and non - compliance with applicable laws or regulations and the concealing of any of the foregoing. Such  activities  or any substandard performance of employees, co - investors, or third parties  may result in  a sub - standard or physical failure of a Property,  reputational damage, litigation, business disruption and/or  financial losses to the  Company . The  Company   may also be adversely affected if there is misconduct  or  substandard performance  by management   or  employees of  co - investors or ser vice providers , even though  the  Company   may be unable to control or mitigate such misconduct. Further, although the  Company   has  adopted measures reasonably designed to prevent and detect employee misconduct and to select reliable  third - party service providers, such measures may not be effective in all cases   and there is no assurance the  Company will detect misconduct or substandard performance .     The Company has engage d   placement agents in respect of the offering of Interests to certain prospective  investors. Any such placement agent acts for the Company and not as an investment adviser to  prospective investors in connection with the offering of Interests.    Prospective investors must independently evaluate the offering and make their own investment decisions.  In making those decisions, prospective investors should be aware that a placement agent would generally  be paid a placement fee based upon the amount of   capital contribution   to the  Company   by  Members . Any  placement agent fees and expenses will be borne by the  Company .  P rospective investors should also note  that at various times such placement agent will likely act as placement agent for other sponsors and   vehicles ,  including sponsors and  vehicles   that are not affiliated with  Commune Capital , and including sponsors and  vehicles   that offer interests that are similar to the Interests. Such unaffiliated sponsors will likely pay  placement fees on terms different from the fees placement agents receive in respect of the  Company , and  such differences in fees have the potential to influence a placement agent’s decision to introduce prospective  investors to the  Company . Prospective investors should also be aware that   affiliates or employees of a  placement agent could invest in the  Company   on their own behalf and/or on behalf of their clients. Each  prospective investor should consider these issues in making its investment decision.      Risks Relating to Ownership and Operation of Real Estate Properties.     The Company is subject to all the risks inherent in owning and operating real property.       These risks include, without limitation: general and local economic and social conditions;  general  neighborhood  property  values and the adverse use of adjacent or neighboring real estate; the supply of, and  demand for, properties; perceptions  by prospecti ve tenants or purchasers  of the safety, convenience and  attractiveness of properties and the neighborhoods in which they are located; adverse events ( e.g ., crime,  fires,  wildfires,  earthquakes,  hurricanes,  floods , and tornados ) in the geographic area surrou nding properties  that could have a negative effect on public perception of the safety of properties; changes in tax, zoning,  building, environmental and other applicable laws; real property tax rates; changes in interest rates;  governmental actions; fluctu ation of real estate values; the unavailability or limited availability of credit  that may render the sale of properties difficult or unattractive; calamities; and acts of bad faith.  Such risks    23   also may cause fluctuations in operating expenses, which could adversely affect the value of real estate and  real estate - related investments.  The limited liquidity of real estate investments will impair the Company’s  ability to react quickly to such risks .  There can be no assurance of profitability for any Property;  accordingly, the  business   objective of the Company may not be realized.  There also can be no assurance  that the Company will find suitable Properties.  Moreover, while the Manager generally i ntend s   for the  Properties to be covered by insurance  to cover casualty losses and general liability with respect to the  Properties, such insurance may not be available, may be available only at prohibitive costs or may be  insufficient to cover losses from ongoing operations and other risks such as earthquake s, floods,  environmental contamination, or other events or circumstances that damage or otherwise limit or prevent  use of the Property for its intended purposes.      The Company is subject to all the risks of investing in multi - family properties.     The Company’s investments are primarily expected to consist of multi - family properties, and, therefore,  the Company is subject to risk factors inherent in investments in  multi - family properties. Any events or  conditions that affect the Company’s ability to rent or lease multi - family units can negatively affect the  ability of the applicable investment to generate the revenues necessary to be profitable. The Company’s  abilit y to lease multi - family units at favorable rates, or at all, is dependent upon the overall economic  environment, which is affected by, among other things, employment levels, recession, personal debt levels,  the recent slowdown in the housing market, consum er interest, stock market volatility and uncertainty about  the future. Concern about the stability of the markets generally and the strength of counterparties  specifically may lead lenders and institutional investors to reduce, and in some cases, cease, to   provide  financing to borrowers. Market and economic conditions in the locations of the Properties may significantly  affect occupancy levels and rental rates and therefore profitability. In general, factors that may adversely  affect market and economic con ditions include the following: the economic climate, which may be  adversely impacted by a reduction in jobs, industry slowdowns and other factors; local conditions, such as  oversupply of, or reduced demand for, apartment homes; declines in household or bus iness formation;  favorable residential mortgage rates; rent control or stabilization laws, or other laws regulating rental  housing, which could prevent the Company from raising rents to offset increases in operating costs; and  competition from alternatives   and changes in market rental rates. Any of these factors would adversely  affect the Company’s ability to make distributions.     Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede the Company’s ability to respond to  adverse changes in the performance of Properties and harm the Company’s financial condition.       Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, the Company’s ability to promptly sell one or more  properties or investments in its portfolio in response to changing economic, financial and investment  conditions may be limited. In particular, thes e risks could arise from weakness in or even the lack of an  established market for a property, changes in the financial condition or prospects of prospective purchasers,  changes in national or international economic conditions, and changes in laws, regulat ions or fiscal policies  of jurisdictions in which the property is located. The Company may be unable to realize its investment  objectives by sale, other disposition or refinance at attractive prices within any given period of time or may  otherwise be unabl e to complete any exit strategy. An exit event is not guaranteed and is subject to the  Manager’s discretion.     Competition with third parties in acquiring and operating properties may reduce the Company’s  profitability and the return on investment.     The activity of identifying, closing, and realizing upon real estate opportunities and real estate - related loans  has from time to time been highly competitive and involves a high degree of uncertainty.  The Company  will be competing for real estate opportu nities and real estate - related loans with other real estate investment    24   vehicles, developers, real estate investors, individuals and family offices, financial institutions (such as  mortgage banks and real estate investment trusts) and other institutional investors, many of which have  greater resources than the Company does. De mand from third parties for properties  or lending opportunities  that meet the Company’s objectives could result in an increase of the price of such properties   or lower  interest rates on loans than if there was no competition . If the Company pays higher pri ces for properties,  the Company’s profitability may be reduced, and  Membe rs may experience a lower return on investment.     There  can be no assurance that the Company will be able to identify, buy, lease, and/or sell  properties  that  satisfy  the Company’s objective, or realize upon value  of a Property  or that the Company will be able to  deploy   all of its available capital.     In addition,  other properties, including properties not yet constructed or planned, may have a competitive  advantage over the Properties (e.g., more attractive location, amenities, leasing terms, etc.). The Company  may need to make capital improvements to the property  or amenities or change leasing terms (e.g., lower  rent) in order to attract tenants to the Property. Such improvements or changes will likely reduce the  profitability of the Company. Further, t he number of competitive properties could have a material effec t on  the Company’s ability to rent space at its  P roperties and the amount of rents charged.        Restrictions upon the availability of real estate financing or high interest rates for real estate loans could  adversely affect the Properties and the ability of the Company to sell the Properties at a profit or at any  price.     The Manager expects to utilize debt financing or refinancing for some or all Properties to the extent that  attractive financing terms are or become available.  Because such debt financing may not include a fixed  interest rate for the entire principal amoun t of loans over the entire loan terms, the projected interest rate  could change.  If there is an increase in interest rates, the debt service payments due on the loan could be  higher than projected, which would reduce the amount that the Company is able to   distribute to its Members  and/or adversely affect the Company’s performance.     Market fluctuations in real estate financing  will   affect the availability and cost of funds needed for the  Properties.  In addition, credit availability is currently restricted and may become further restricted in the  future.    I n   a period of  elevated   interest rates,  it is generally more difficult to borrow money   and any  borrowing will result in increased payments which will reduce the Company’s net income.       Properties   may have significant leverage, which may adversely impact the return on investment achieved.     Some or all of the Company’s investments may utilize a leveraged capital structure, in which case a third -   party would be entitled to cash flows generated by such Properties prior to the Company receiving a return.   While such leverage may increase returns or the capital available for investment by the Company, it also  will increase the risk of loss on a Proper ty.  If interest rates or financial markets change, or there is an  adverse development with respect to a leveraged Property or a tenant thereof, the  Company may be unable  to repay such loan, procure permanent financing for the Property, or dispose of the Property at a price  sufficient to satisfy its indebtedness.    If the  revenue from the Properties is insufficient to pay debt service  and operating expenses, the Company would be required to seek additional funds.  There can be no  assurance that additional funds would be availabl e, if needed, or, if such funds were available, that they  would be available on terms acceptable to the Company.     If the Company subjects a Property to multiple security interests, the risk of loss could be increased.  If the  Company makes an equity investment in a Property with the intent of refinancing a portion of the Property,  there is a risk that the Company will   be unable to successfully complete such a refinancing.  This could  lead to an unintended longer - term investment for the Company and an increased risk of reduced   portfolio    25   diversification.  If the Company defaults on secured indebtedness, the lender may foreclose and the  Company could lose the entire investment that constitutes security for such loan.  In addition, recourse debt  obtained by the Company may subject other asse ts of the Company, and the Members, as investors in the  Company, to risk of loss.       Borrowings and guarantees by the  Company   may be deal - by - deal or on a portfolio basis, and may be on  a joint, several, joint and several or cross - collateralized basis (which may be on an investment - by - investment or portfolio wide basis) with co - developers or co - investors.      Such arrangements will not necessarily impose joint and several obligations on such other vehicles that  mirror the obligations of the  Company . The interest expense of, and other fees and expenses related to, any  such borrowings will be allocated in a manner  the Manager   determines to be appropriate. Furthermore, in  the case of indebtedness on a joint and several or cross - collateralized basis, the  Company   could be required  to contribute amounts in excess of its pro rata share of the indebtedness, including ad ditional capital to  make up for any shortfall if the other joint and several obligors are unable to repay their pro rata share of  such indebtedness. The  Company   could lose its interests in performing investments if such performing  investments are cross - collateralized with poorly performing or non - performing investments of the  Company   and such other vehicles. Borrowings under any such facilities (and expenses related thereto) may  initially be made with respect to an investment opportunity based on preliminar y allocations that are subject  to change and may not take into account excuse rights or investment limits. Notwithstanding that an  obligation (including a guarantee) of the  Company   may be joint and several and/or cross, only the  Company’s   pro rata share of such obligation (as determined by the  Manager   and not taking into account  the joint and several aspect of such obligations) will be counted toward the  Company’s   leverage limitations.  Although the  Manager   will seek to use leverage in a manner it believes i s appropriate, the use of leverage  involves a high degree of financial risk.     The Company may require unanticipated capital requirements.     The Company will estimate the expenses and reserves necessary to purchase, lease, manage, hold and  eventually dispose of the Properties.  These estimates may prove inaccurate and the Company may need to  obtain additional capital to meet its needs.  Unantic ipated capital requirements could result from, among  other things, carrying costs being greater than estimated, decreases in anticipated rental income, greater  than estimated repair expenses exceeding projections, and other items exceeding estimates.     Development  plans  for Target Properties  are not final.     While this Memorandum describes certain anticipated development plans for the  Target Properties, such  development plans are not final as of the date of this Memorandum. Co - d evelopers, other parties engaged  to assist with development (e.g., architects, engineers, contractors, etc.), or municipal  bodies may require  changes prior to beginning development or during development, or the Manager may determine to change  plans based on the Manager’s analysis and determinations about the prospects and best uses for the  Target  Property.  In light of the foregoing, the development plans as descr ibed in this Memorandum for any Target  Property may be substantially different than the final development plan for a Target Property and, while  such changes will be deemed necessary or advisable by the Manager, they may have adverse consequences  for the pe rformance of the Company.     Development  p roperties, including, without limitation, Properties acquired  to construct a new building  or add to, replace, or renovate existing buildings,   are subject to various risks.      R isks  related to   the development of properties   include, without limitation,  risks relating to the availability  and timely receipt of zoning and other regulatory approvals, the cost and timely completion of construction    26   (including risks beyond the control of the Company, such as weather or labor conditions or material  shortages), availability of both construction and permanent financing on favorable terms, unidentified site  conditions, such as  obstacles like  rock s   or environmental problems that could be encountered during  construction, cost overruns with increased construction pricing, construction delays that add to project costs  and possibly delay tenant move - ins, contractors’ failure to perform and difficult to  obtain a nd restrictive  construction financing agreements with lenders.  Additionally, development projects may be undertaken on  a speculative basis, meaning that they may be commenced without any leases in place to secure the value  of the investment.  Speculative  development projects typically have higher return potential, but there is also  a significant risk that such projects will not meet leasing targets or achieve the value anticipated.   No  assurance  can be given that the Members will realize a substantial retu rn (if any) on their investment or that  they will not lose their entire investment in the Company.   Properties under development or Properties  acquired to be developed may receive little or no cash flow from the date of acquisition through the date of  completion of development and may experience operating deficits after the date of completion.  In additi on,  market conditions may change during the course of development that make such development less attractive  than at the time it was commenced.       Tenants of the Property may experience, from time to time, financial  hardships  and this may result in a  failure to make rental payments when due.       Various market and economic  changes , including, without limitation,  pandemics, recession, loss of  employment,  or  instability in financial markets,  may adversely affect  tenants of the property Any financial  difficulties   a tenant may experience could result in  such tenant  not paying the entire rent and/or not paying  on time.   The failure to pay rent will adversely affect the performance of Property and the Company.      The Company will be adversely affected if Properties cannot obtain tenants or if tenants do not renew  leases.      The Company’s success will depend in large part on tenants of the Properties and competing with other  properties   to find and retain tenants.   The  Company will be subject to the risks that: (i) space in Properties  may not be leased; (ii)   that existing leases for space in Properties may not be renewed; (iii) leased space in  Properties may not be able to be relet; or (iv) that the terms of renewal or r eletting (including the cost of  required renovations) space in Properties may be less favorable than current l ease terms.  No assurance can  be given that the   property m anager will succeed in attracting or renewing tenants for Properties.  Further, a  reoccurrence of an economic downturn may result in fewer potential tenants willing to incur the expense  of renting  property .  If the Company were unable to lease, promptly relet or renew the leases for all or a  substantial portion of the space in Properties, if the rental rates upon such renewal or reletting were  significantly lower than expected rates, or if its reserv es for these purposes proved inadequate, then the  Company’s cash flow and ability to make distributions may be adversely affected.  The loss of one or more  major tenants would have an adverse effect on the revenues and profits of the Company. There will be   numerous alternatives which compete with the Properties in attracting tenants.  The Properties will compete  directly with other properties that are available for rent or purchase in the markets in which the Properties  are located.  This competitive enviro nment could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s ability  to lease space within the Properties, as well as on the rents realized.     Changes to current laws protecting tenants or the introduction of new laws protecting tenants may have  a negative impact on the operations or value of  Company   investments.     The  Company   may invest in jurisdictions where tenants benefit from certain legal or other protections. For  example, in 2019, California passed the “Tenant Protection Act of 2019” which, among other things, limits  the amount that a landlord may increase the rent of an   apartment unit in one year. Some jurisdictions limit  the ability of a landlord to evict a tenant or terminate leases. In addition, it is possible that new tenant    27   protection laws may be enacted in the future.    New laws or changes to existing laws may impact the methods  and costs of doing business, which may adversely affect the Company.     There is no assurance that the  Company   will be able to make profitable investments in   affordable  housing  assets .   The  Company   expects to acquire and develop affordable housing communities and other properties  intended to provide housing to individuals with low or moderate incomes. These properties may have limits  on rental income streams that reduce profit opportunities relative   to their acquisition and development.    Further, affordable housing assets are  subject to certain U.S. federal, state and local governmental  regulatory restrictions on operation, rental and transfer ,  including the requirement that the owners of  certain  assets rent certain residential units to persons or families of low income and charge an amount of rent that  may be less than market rates. In addition, one or more of the  Company ’s investments may remain subject  to such regulatory restrictions beyond their initial regulatory periods and in some instances for so long as  such investment is held directly or indirectly by the  Company . Such restrictions may adversely affect the  economic performance of the  Company ’s investments relative to properties tha t are not subject to such  restrictions. For example, selling an investment that is subject to such regulatory restrictions may limit its  sale price, and accordingly limit distributions to the  Company   and its  Members .    The  foregoing could  materially and adversely affect the  Company ’s ability to consummate or exit investment opportunities  thereafter and the results of the  Company ’s operations, financial condition, liquidity and business of the  Company , and consequently, returns to  Members .   A ffordable housing assets may benefit from governmental programs , which impose additional  requirements or restrictions that may adversely affect the Company’s investments.   These programs, which are typically administered by  a government agency or body,  may   provide expedited  processing of  developments   or financial benefits.  As a condition of  participation in  these programs, the  properties must comply with various requirements, which typically limit rents to pre - approved amounts  and /or   impose restrictions on resident incomes. Failure to comply with  a programs   requirements and  restrictions may result in financial penalties or loss of benefits   which may negative ly   effect the Comp any’s  performance .    For example, t he Company  may participate in   the Los Angeles  ED 1 Ministerial Approval Process (“ ED  1 ”) pursuant to Executive Directive 1.  ED 1   expedite s   processing, clearances, and approvals for eligible  affordable housing projects.   Properties seeking to participate in the ED 1 program must submit an  application   for approval by the Los Angeles City Planning Department .   If a  project   under review or  previously  approved for the ED 1 program   changes its development plans   or otherwise becomes ineligible  for the ED 1 program , the  project   may be required to  submit a new application  in order to receive  (or  continue to receive)   the benefits of  and participate in the  ED 1   program . Additionally,  projects   may need to  renew   ED 1   approval   on a regular basis . There can be no assurance that any  affordable housing  Property   will be eligible  for participation in the ED 1 program   or   receive ED 1  approval . Further, there can be no  assurance that any affordable   housing Property that receives ED 1 approval will continue to remain eligible  for the ED 1 program and benefits or that the Property will receive approvals during  any renewal or   additional   application  process .    Additionally, the Company may benefit from programs administered by t he   U.S. Department of Housing  and Urban Development (“ HUD ”)   or state housing finance agencies, typically provide mortgage insurance,  favorable financing terms, tax credits or rental assistance payments to property owners. In addition, th e  Company   will typically need to obtain the approval of HUD in order to acquire or dispose of a significant  interest in or manage a HUD - assisted property. The  Company   may not always receive such approval. T he  approval process at HUD may result in significant delays in acquiring properties, which delays may impair    28   the expected returns from such investments. In addition, as a condition to certain acquisitions of properties,  the  Company   anticipates that HUD could require the  Company   to dedicate resources to maintenance in  order to correct deficiencies in the physical condition of such properties. Correction of such deficiencies  may require expenditures of significant amounts of funds, thus effectively increasing the cost of the  Company ’s acquisition of such properties.    There can be no assurance that any governmental agency approvals will be received in a timely manner or  that conditions will not be imposed for such approvals. The failure to obtain, or a delay in obtaining, any  required approvals would have adverse conseq uences to  Membe rs . The same regulations could impair or  delay the ability of the  Company   to sell its interests in the properties. Similar restrictions may be imposed  by other governmental entities.   Demand for real estate is volatile.     Demand for real  estate is sensitive to economic changes driven by economic conditions such as employment  levels, job growth, consumer confidence ,   and interest rates.  If  any of  the real estate industry , geographic  region  in which  a Property   is located , or the United States   generally   suffers a downturn and the market  value of the properties or demand for properties decreases, the Company’s performance may be adversely  a ffected.  Local real estate conditions, such as oversupply or reduction in demand for properties may drive   down demand for certain properties, which would adversely affect the Company.      Inflation and other economic factors outside of the Company’s control can negatively impact returns to  the Company.       Inflation can adversely affect the Company by increasing costs of materials, labor, tax rates, operating  expenses, insurance costs, interest rates, and other expenses.   In a highly inflationary environment (such as  the current market, the severity and duration of which is uncertain), the Company may be unable to raise  rents at or above the rate of inflation, which could reduce the Company’s profit margins.  In addition, t he  cost of capital, labor and materials can increase, which could have an adverse impac t on the Company’s  business or financial results.    Alternatively, deflation could cause an overall decrease in spending and  borrowing capacity, which could lead to deterioration in economic conditions and employment levels.   Deflation could also cause the value of the Company’s inventories to decline or re duce the value of  Properties.  These, or other factors that increase the risk of significant deflation, could have a negative  impact on the Company’s business or financial results.     Market and economic conditions in  the areas in which the Company may invest may also  significantly  affect occupancy levels and lease rates and therefore profitability.  In general, factors that may adversely  affect market and economic conditions include, among others, the following:      •   the economic climate, which may be adversely impacted by a reduction in jobs, industry  slowdowns and other factors;    •   local conditions, such as oversupply of, or reduced demand for  multi - family   residential  housing communities;    •   declines in business formation or growth;    •   laws regulating real estate, which could prevent the  Company   from raising lease rates to  offset increases in operating costs; and    •   competition from alternatives and changes in market rental rates.     The realization of any of these factors would adversely affect the Company’s ability to achieve desired  operating results and the ability of the Company to make distributions to its Members.       29   The real estate industry is and will continue to be subject to varying degrees of regulation and licensing  by federal, state, and local regulatory authorities in various states and localities.       The real estate industry is extensively regulated and subject to frequent regulatory change.  The adoption  of new legislation or changes in existing laws or new interpretations of existing laws can have a significant  impact on methods of doing business, co sts of doing business, and amounts of reimbursement from  governmental and other agencies.    Among the regulations that may nega tively impact the Company are the  standards applied to residential real estate    ( i.e. , housing codes), which can add unexpected de lays and costs  to an investment.     If the Properties are not in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (the “ADA”),  the Properties may be required to pay for improvements to effect compliance with the ADA.       Under the ADA, public accommodations must meet certain Federal requirements related to access and use  by disabled persons.  To comply with the ADA requirements, the Properties could be required to remove  access barriers at significant cost, and non - complia nce could result in the imposition of fines by the Federal  government or an award of damages to private litigants.  State and  F ederal laws in this area are constantly  evolving, and could place a greater cost or burden in the future on the Company as the ow ner of the  Properties.  The Company does not believe its Properties are or will be in violation in any material way of  the ADA.  Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that remediation of ADA violations will not be required  of a Property .    Such remediation may impair the ability of the Company to make distributions.     Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, an owner and operator of real  property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous substances released  or located on its property.     Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was  responsible for, the release or presence of such hazardous substances.  The presence of such substances, or  the failure to properly remediate such substances,  when released, may adversely affect the owner’s ability  to sell such real estate or to borrow using such real estate as collateral.  In addition to clean - up actions  brought by federal, state and local agencies, the presence of hazardous waste on Properties   could result in  personal injury or similar claims by private plaintiffs.   Property to purchasing a Property, the Company will  generally obtain an environmental risk assessment for the Property. However, no assurances can be given  that such an environmental risk assessment will reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior   owner of  such property did not create any material environmental condition not known to the Company, that  environmental liabilities may develop after the date of such assessment bu t prior to the acquisition of such  property,  or  that a materially adverse environmental condition will not otherwise exist with respect to such  p roperty.     For Members, hazardous substance contamination  o n the Properties could adversely affect the Company  and its ability to make distributions.  In extreme cases, Members could lose their entire investment in the  Company and,  if   the liability protections afforded by the Company’s limited liability company structure  were disregarded, the Members could be exposed to strict personal liability unlimited in amount.     Natural disasters, including, without limitation, fires, floods, earthquakes, tornados or hurricanes, may  cause damage to Properties and may have substantial adverse economic consequences for affected  regions and surrounding areas.        The Company intends that insurance will be obtained for the Properties; however, losses resulting from  natural disasters and other events that cause damage to the Properties or real estate located near the  Properties may not be covered or may not be fully  covered by the Properties’ insurance, either because it    30   was not secured, was not available, or was not economically feasible.  Further, Properties damaged by  natural disasters may cause the Company to suffer additional losses unrelated or in addition to the direct  damages  a   Propert y , including, without limitation, the loss of such Property’s accumulated appreciation or  goodwill   and   losses due to the Company’s inability to capitalize on financial opportunities with respect to  such Property or a reduction in, or a complete loss of, such Property’s revenue due to interruptions or  declines in its business ( e.g. , operations and/or rental income).   In recent years, California and other states  in the western United States have experienced threats from substantial and significant wildfires that are  difficult to contain and extinguish. The risk of natural disasters may result in changes in de mand for  properties as well as general concern and uncertainty in the real estate market in these regions.  If any  Properties suffer such losses, it may adversely impact the Company’s  performance .     Mold contamination at one or more properties could result in liability.      Mold contamination has been linked to a number of health problems in the United States, resulting in recent  litigation by tenants seeking various remedies, including damages and ability to terminate their leases.   Several insurance companies have reported a substantial increase in mold related claims in commercial  buildings, causing  a growing concern in the real estate community that real estate owners might be subject  to increasing lawsuits regarding mold contamination.   Mold can affect both residential an d commercial  properties. No assurance can be given that a mold condition will not arise in the future, with the risk of  substantial damages, legal fees and possibly loss of tenants.  It is unclear whether such mold claims would  be covered by the customary  insurance policies obtained   for a Property or applicable third - party manager  managing the Property .     Real property owned by the Company will likely be subject to real property taxes and, in some instances,  personal property taxes     Such real and personal property taxes may increase as property tax rates change and as the properties are  assessed by taxing authorities.  An  increase in property taxes on the Company’s real property or any  personal property held by the Company in  connection with its real property investments could adversely  affect the Company’s ability to make distributions.     Properties   that are not insured may involve a greater risk of loss.     The Manager expects that comprehensive liability, fire and extended coverage covering the Properties will  be obtained and maintained, with policy specifications and insured limits which the Manager believes are  adequate and appropriate under the circumstan ces.  There are, however, certain types of losses that are not  generally insured because it is not economically feasible to insure against such losses.  Should an uninsured  loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, the Company could lose  a signific ant amount of  its capital  invested in a Property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the Property and, in the case of debt  which is with recourse to the Company, the Company would remain obligated for any mortgage debt or  other financial obligations related  to the Property.  No assurance can be given that material losses in excess  of insurance proceeds will not occur in the future.     Tax Risks     EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS URGED TO CONSULT ITS OWN LEGAL COUNSEL AND  TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND NON - U.S.  INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE  COMPANY .   The income tax aspects of an investment in the Company are complicated and will vary depending upon an  individual investor’s unique circumstances. Accordingly, it is not possible to provide a comprehensive    31   description of the potential tax and financial risks that would be material to an individual considering an  investment in the  Company . Instead, prospective investors are urged to consult their own legal counsel and  tax advisors. Each prospective investor should review the section entitled “CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL  INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS” for a more detailed discussion of certain of the t ax risks inherent in  the acquisition of Interests.    Undistributed Income and Delayed Tax Reports .  In certain circumstances, t he  Manager   may, but  is not required to, make distributions to  Members.   Taxable income realized in any year by the  Company  will, in effect, be taxable to the  Members   in that year regardless of whether they have received any  distributions from the  Company . This is sometimes known as “phantom income.” Accordingly,  Members   may recognize taxable income for U.S. federal, state and local income tax purposes without receiving any  or a sufficie nt distribution from the   Company   with which to pay the taxes on such income. The  Manager   may consider such possible tax liability of the  Members   when determining whether to make distributions,  but no assurance is given that distributions, if made, will equal the amount of any  Member’ s tax liability.   Taxation of Carried Interest .  The   holding period required for certain holders of “applicable  partnership interests , ”   which include the Carry Recipient’s interest in the Company, to obtain long - term  capital gain treatment is   three years for sales of such interests or dispositions of partnership property  allocable to holders of such interests.  As a result,  the Manager may have an incentive to hold onto an  investment for a longer period of time in order to be eligible for the more favorable long - term capital g ain  rates.   Management Fee May No Longer Be Deductible for Certain Taxpayers.   For taxable years  beginning  before  January 1, 20 26,   a Member who is an individual  will not be able to deduct  expenses of  producing income, including management fees. This limitation does not include any expenses incurred in  connection with a trade or business.  The issue of whether the Company will be engaged in a trade or  business for U.S. federal income tax purposes is unclear.  The Manager believes that the Company will not  be engaged in a t rade or business, and as such, an individual Member’s share of certain expenses of the  Company, including   the   management fees , will not be deductible for purposes of calculating such  Member’s  U.S.  federal income tax liability, which may impact such Member’s after - tax return on  investment.   Possible Legislative or  Other Developments.   All statements contained  in this Memorandum   concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Company are based upon  existing law and the  current  interpretations   of those laws . The rules dealing with U.S. federal income  taxation are constantly under review. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the currently anticipated  income tax treatment of an investment in the Company will not be modified by legislative, judicial or  adm inistrative changes, possibly with  retroactive effect, to the detriment of the Members.   Potential IRS Audits.   Prospective  investors   should note that the Company will not seek a ruling  from the IRS with respect to any tax consequences associated with an investment in the Company.  The  Company’s  tax returns may be audited by the IRS, and any such audit may result in adjustments to the tax  returns of the Members   for year(s) in question or unrelated years. Further, any adjustment resulting from  an audit may also result in adjustments to the tax returns of the Members and may result in an examinati on  and adjustment of other items in such returns unrelated to  the Company . Any audit of the Company’s tax  return may result in liability of the Company, directly, in the year in which the audit concludes, for tax,  penalties and interests with respect to deemed  understatements of tax  by the  Members  in the year under  audit. Members could incur substantial legal and accounting costs in litigation of any challenge, regardless  of the outcome .     32   ANY  U.S.  FEDERAL INCOME TAX ASPECTS DISCUSSED IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE  NECESSARILY GENERAL AND MIGHT VARY DEPENDING ON EACH MEMBER’S  INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY, PROSPECTIVE  INVESTORS :   (I) ARE  HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE DISCUSSION CONTAINED UNDER THIS SECTION “TAX  RISKS” IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, BY  INVESTORS   FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING PENALTIES THAT MIGHT BE IMPOSED  UPON THEM UNDER THE U.S. FEDERAL TAX LAWS; AND (II) SHOULD SEEK ADVICE  BASED ON THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCU MSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX  ADVISOR.   ANY  U.S.  FEDERAL INCOME TAX ASPECTS DISCUSSED IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE  NECESSARILY GENERAL AND MIGHT VARY DEPENDING ON EACH MEMBER’S  INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES.  ACCORDINGLY, PROSPECTIVE  INVESTORS :     (I) ARE  HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE DISCUSSION CONTAINED UNDER THIS SECTION “TAX  RISKS” IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, BY  INVE S TORS   FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING PENALTIES THAT MIGHT BE IMPOSED  UPON THEM UNDER THE U.S. FEDERAL TAX LAWS; AND (II) SHOULD SEEK ADVICE  BASED ON THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX  ADVISOR.   Regulatory Risks     Limited Private Offering; Absence of SEC and Applicable State Securities Commissions Reviews.    This Offering is a private offering and is not registered under the 1933 Act or under applicable state  securities laws.  Thus, this Memorandum has not been reviewed by the SEC or by the equivalent agency of  any state.  Review by any such agency might res ult in additional disclosures or substantially different  disclosures from those actually included in this Memorandum.   Offering Not Registered with the SEC or State Securities Authorities.   The Offering will not be  registered with the SEC under the 1933 Act or the securities agency of any state, and Units are being offered  and sold in reliance upon one or more exemptions from the registration provisions of the 1933 Act and state  securities la ws.  If the Company should fail to comply with the requirements of such exemptions, Members  may have the right, if they so desire, to rescind their purchase of Units. It is possible tha t one or more  prospective investors seeking rescission would succeed.  If a number of Members were successful in  seeking rescission, the Company would face severe financial demands that would adversely affect the  Company as a whole and, thus, the investmen t in Units by the remaining Members.   Risks for Certain Benefit Plan Investors Subject to ERISA.    Prospective  investors   that are, or are  acting on behalf of, ERISA Plans or IRAs should read the section hereof entitled “ Individual Retirement  Accounts and Benefit Plan Investors ” in its entirety for a discussion of certain risks related to an investment  by Benefit Plan Investors in the Company.  Other prospective  investors   should  read  this section for a  discussion of risks that could affect  the  Company’s operations if the Company is or becomes sub ject to  ERISA.  The assets of the Company may be considered “plan assets” for purposes of ERISA and the Code;  however, it is currently anticipated that the Manager will use reasonable efforts to form and operate the  Company so that the assets of the Compan y will not be considered plan assets.  Making investments for the  Company and operating the Company so that it is exempt from the fiduciary and prohibited transaction  provisions of ERISA and the Code may necessitate the acquisition and/or disposition of pa rticular assets or  the undertaking of various activities under conditions that could be less favorable to the Company.  If the  Company’s assets constitute “plan assets”, the Manager would be subject to fiduciary standards of ERISA  or the Code, which could  materially affect the operation of the Company, and any transaction of the  Company may be deemed to be a transaction with each Benefit Plan Investor, which, in turn, would create    33   a risk that each transaction that the Company enters into in the ordinary course of its business would  constitute a prohibited transaction under ERISA and the Code.   USE OF PR OCEEDS   The Company expects to use substantially all of   the net proceeds from this Offering (after paying or  reimbursing offering expenses) to invest in and manage a portfolio of  Properties   (including, without  limitation, one or more of the Target Properties ) .  A dditional detail regarding certain Target Properties is set  for th   on  Exhibit  B .   The Company expects that any expenses or fees payable to the Manager for its services  in connection with managing the Company’s daily affairs, including, but not limited to, the selection and  acquisition of  P roperties, will b e paid from cash flow from operations. If such fees and expenses are not  paid from cash flow (or waived) they will reduce the cash available for investment and distributions and  will directly impact the value of the Company.    The Company may not be able to promptly invest the net proceeds of this Offering in Properties. In the  interim, the Company may invest in short - term, highly liquid or other authorized investments.      CONFLICTS OF INTEREST   The Company is subject to various conflicts of interest arising out of its relationship with the Manager,  Commune Capital, LLC (“ Commune Capital ”) , and their affiliates. A discussion of these conflicts follows  below, as well as a discussion of the corporate governance measures the Company has adopted to mitigate  some of the risks posed by these conflicts.      Allocation of Investment Opportunities .  The Company relies on officers who act on behalf of the Manager   to identify suitable investments for the Company. Various affiliates of the Company similarly rely on the  Manager   to build and manage their respective investments. Such affiliates may compete with the Company  for investment opportunities. The Manager will use their business judgment to allocate investment  opportunities among the Company and its affiliates. Factors tha t the Manager may consider in connection  with its allocation of investment opportunities, include, without limitation, investment objectives and  criteria, cash requirements, effect of the investment on the diversification of the respective portfolios,  leve rage, anticipated cash flow of the investment, income tax effects of the investment, size of the  investment, and the amount of funds available to invest. To mitigate the foregoing conflicts, the Manager,  and the   Manager’s   affiliates will seek to allocate investment opportunities on a fair and equitable basis.      Other Investments and Business Activities . The Manager and  Manager A ffiliates may make investments  for their own accounts, including investments competitive with those of the Company, without having or  incurring any obligation to disclose or to offer any such interest in such activities to the Company or any  other Member.    Furthermore, the Manager,  Manager A ffiliates, and officers and employees of  Commune  Capital  are not required to devote full time efforts to the business of the Company but rather only suc h time  as is necessary to manage the assets of the Company and carry out and conduct the business of the Company.     The Manager and   Manager A ffiliates reserve the right to invest privately in properties and securities with  the same business objective as that of the Company.  The Manager reserves the right to organize additional  partnerships and companies with a business objective similar to or  the same as the Company, and the  Manager reserves the right to work with other partnerships, companies or individuals interested in business  objectives similar to the Company.  In addition, the Manager may allocate limited opportun ities among the  Company and other parties with whom the Manager works on a basis deemed appropriate in its sole  discretion (which may, at times, disadvantage the Company).        34   Compensation to Manager and  Manager  Affiliates .  The Manager will receive compensation for the  management and operation of the business of the Company.  Such compensation has not been negotiated  at arm’s length and may or may not represent the fair market value of the services provided to the Company  by the Manager.       The Manager will be paid a Management Fee and will engage persons in the Manager or  Manager A ffiliates  to provide various services (including, without limitation,  acquisition fees,  disposition fee, financing fee,  property management fee,  construction fees,  and guarantor fee )   to the Company.  Compensation of the  Manager or  Manager A ffiliates will not be negotiated at arm’s length, but rather will be determined by the  Manager based on prevailing market rates for the size, scope, and other characteristics of t he applicable  Property.  With respect to the acquisition fee, the Manager will be paid one percent of the purchase price  and the budgeted cost of any planned improvements at the time of acquisition. While the Manager will  develop budgets for any improvements consistent with its fi duciary duties, the Manager’s projections may  prove incorrect or the planned improvements may never be undertaken or completed, in which case the  acquisition fee will be based on expectations that were never fulfilled. Additionally,   the Manager or its  Affiliates may be paid a construction fee with respect the planned improvements.      In addition to the foregoing, the Manager may from time to time engage  owners or employees of   the  Manager or  Manager A ffiliates on behalf of the Company to provide other services to the Company or a  Property Entity.  In such event, such persons will be compensated for their services to the Company (or a  Property Entity, as applicable) based on prevailing market rates, but   these will be determined based on the  Manager’s judgment and will not be negotiated at arm’s length.      Compensation arrangements could give rise to conflicts of interest in respect of: (i) the continuation,  renewal, or enforcement of provisions in the Operating Agreement involving the Manager; (ii) acquisitions  of investments at high purchase prices, which  entitle the Manager to higher acquisition fees and asset  management fees regardless of the quality or performance of the  Property ; (iii) borrowings, which  borrowings will increase asset management fees payable by the Company to the Manager; (iv) whether an d  when the Manager seeks to sell assets of the Company or merge or consolidate with any other company ;  and (v)  the creation of construction budgets, which entitle the Manager to high acquisition fees and  construction fees .     Incentive Allocation .  The  Carry Recipient   will receive the Incentive Allocation .   Since   the Carry Recipient  is affiliated with the Manager, this   creates an incentive for the Manager to make decisions in the  management of the Company that are riskier or more speculative than it would make if the  Carry Recipient   did not receive the Incentive Allocation.     Indemnification . The Company’s Operating Agreement provides that the Company will indemnify the  Manager and  Manager A ffiliates for any loss or damage incurred on behalf of the Company or in  furtherance of the Company’s interests or otherwise arising out of or in connection with the Company, the  Properties , or any other investments of the Company without relieving the Manager and such related  persons of liability for fraud, willful misconduct, gross negligence, bad faith, or intentional and material  breach o f the Operating Agreement.     Guarantees of Loans .  In order to   secure financing for Properties, the Company may be required to provide  guarantees for loans from third party lenders.  In these cases, the Company may engage an affiliate or a  third party guarantor (including, without limitation, a Member) to provide the   guarantees.  Guarantors will  be compensated for their services, as determined by the Manager; however, the Manager will typically seek  to obtain non - recourse debt when available at attractive rates.  Any compensation to an affiliate in exchange  for a guar anty will not exceed 2% of the amount guaranteed per annum.       35   Manager Determinations; Risks to the Company .  In the conflict of interest and potential conflict of interest  situations described herein, the Manager will make determinations for the Company and affiliates.  Because  these determinations will not be the result of arm’s length negotiation, the Compan y will be subject to the  risk that the Manager will not come to the same conclusion with respect to transaction terms, fees, sales  prices,  budget expenses,  or other matters as would have been the result of an ind ependent negotiation.  The  Manager will seek to manage conflicts and potential conflicts consistent with fiduciary duties to the  Company, both in individual transactions and over time; however, the Company will be subject to the risk  that the Company will  be, in one or more cases, favored or disfavored in a particular transaction with an  affiliate.  Accordingly, the Company may be adversely affected due to risks inherent in conflict of interest  transactions for the Manager.      Loans to Properties by Affiliates . In certain situations where the Manager determines it is beneficial to the  Company, the persons in the Manager or affiliates may provide short or longer - term loans to facilitate the  purchase of Properties (each, an “ Affiliate Loan ”).  This will generally be in cases where obtaining  financing from other lenders may not be available, would be too expensive or is otherwise less preferable  to the Company than obtaining an Affiliate Loan.  In determining whether an Affiliate Lo an is preferable  to other financing options, the Manager will compare the terms and conditions of the proposed financing  and will enter into an Affiliate Loan only when the Manager believes the terms and conditions of such  Affiliate Loan, in the aggregate,   are preferable to the comparable third party financing options.     The Manager or  Manager A ffiliates may also lend money to the Company on commercially reasonable  terms to take advantage of opportunities for investment that the Manager determine to be in the best interests  of the Company.       Purchasing Properties from a Manager or   Manager   Affiliates .  The Company may purchase Properties that  are owned by the Manager,  Manager A ffiliates, or other persons or businesses that may be associated with,  affiliated with, or managed by the Manager or a   Manager A ffiliate, which purchases present conflicts of  interest for the Manager.  In general, these Property acquisitions will be completed at fair market value, as  reasonably determined by the Manager.  If a Property is acquired by a Manager or  a Manager   A ffiliate on  a temporary basis for the purpose of facilitating acquisition of the Property by the Company, then the  Company will purchase each such Property from the  Manager A ffiliate for an amount equal to its basis in  such Property (including assumption of indebtedness relating to the Property underlying the Property) plus  an amount determined by the Manager in its sole discretion as an accommodation for the   Manager A ffiliate  for depreciation of such Property.  Consistent with its fiduciary duties, the Manager will not cause the  Company to purchase any Property from the Manager or a   Manager A ffiliate (or other persons or businesses  that may be associated with, affiliated with,   or managed by the Manager or  a Manager A ffiliate) unless the  Manager determines such transaction to be in the best interests of the Company.     Selling Properties to a Manager or  Manager  Affiliates .  The Company may sell Properties to the Manager,  Manager A ffiliates, or other persons or businesses that may be associated with, affiliated with, or managed  by the Manager or a   Manager A ffiliate, which sales present conflicts of interest for the Manager.  In general,  these Property sales will be completed at fair market value, as reasonably determined by the Manager.   Consistent with its fiduciary duties, the Manager will not cause the Co mpany to sell a ny Property to the  Manager or a   Manager A ffiliate (or other persons or businesses that may be associated with, affiliated with,  or managed by the Manager or a   Manager A ffiliate) unless the Manager determines such transaction to be  in the best interests of the Company.     There will be no independent review or assessment of the value of such assets. However, to the extent assets  are sold, transferred, or assigned between the Company and any affiliate, such transactions will be on  commercial terms that, in the opinion of the   Manager, would have been reached in an arm’s length  transaction with or among unaffiliated third parties to ensure fair and equitable treatment among the parties.     36     Co - Investments with Members or  Manager  Affiliates .  As stated above, the Manager may from time to time  offer to certain Members,  Manager A ffiliates, or other third parties, opportunities to co - invest with the  Company in certain investments, or enter into certain joint - venture arrangements with other entities,  including, but not limited to, entities of which all of or certain of the Members o r affiliates may be interest  holders.  No Member will have any right to participate in any such investment.  Because,  the terms of these  investments may not be negotiated at arm’s length, the Company will be subject to the risk that the  Company will not obtain the same co - investment terms as would have been the result of an independent  negotiation.  However, consistent wi th its fiduciary duties, the Manager will not cause the Company to  enter into any co - investment unless the Manager determines it to be in the best interests of the Company.     Authority to Conduct Future Offerings; Amendments to the Operating Agreement .  Subject to applicable  law, the Manager has the discretion to unilaterally amend the Operating Agreement in connection with  future capital raising activities, including, without limitation, to set or change the preferences, conversion  or other rights, vo ting powers, restrictions, limitations as to allocations or distributions, qualifications and  terms and conditions of redemption for Units.  As a general matter, the Manager expect s to structure any  future offerings of equity, debt, or rights convertible into equity in the Company in a manner it deems is in  the best interests of the Company and in furtherance of the with the Company’s investment program and  strategy.       Determination of the Unit Price .  The  Carry Recipient   is entitled to the Incentive Allocation and certain  affiliates own Units in the Company (such interests, collectively, the “ Affiliated Interests ”).  As noted  above, the Unit Price has been determined by the Manager.  While the Manager believes that it  will   use  reasonable methods in determining the Unit Price (including through the use of third party appraisals), the  Affiliated Interests create an incentive for the Manager to set a higher Unit Price than  if the Manager and  affiliates did not have Affiliated Interests.     Allocation of Expenses . From time to time, the Manager will be required to decide: (i) whether certain  operating expenses should be borne by the Company, the Manager, o r Manager Affiliate ; and (ii) whether  and how certain operating expenses, including without limitation, research and software expenses  such as   Costar and Invest N ext   or Appfolio ,   should be allocated between such persons.  The Manager will allocate  operating expenses on a basis reasonably determined by the Manager in good faith under the circumstances  and considering such factors as it deems relevant. The allocations of such expens es may not be proportional  and any such determinations of allocating expenses involve inherent matters of discretion (e.g., determining  to allocate pro rata based on the number of entities receiving the related services or benefits, the frequency  of use of   the related services or benefits, or in accordance with the relative asset size of the applicable  entities).     Policies Relating to Conflicts of Interest . Other than as described above, the Company has not adopted and  does not intend to adopt specific policies in respect of transactions with affiliates. The Company may, in  the Manager’s sole discretion, engage in one or more transactions with affiliates, i ncluding without  limitation, to acquire investments or to incur indebtedness.      No Separate Counsel .   Kilpatrick  Townsend  serves as counsel to the Manager and the Company.  Kilpatrick  Townsend  may continue to serve in such capacity in the future and may advise the Manager in matters  relating to the operation of the Company on an ongoing basis.  In the event of a dispute between the Manager  and the Company, Kilpatrick  Townsend  would represent the Manager, and the Company would need to  retain separate counsel.  Kilpatrick  Townsend  does not represent the Members .   This Memorandum was  prepa red based on information furnished by the Manager, and Kilpatrick  Townsend  has not independently  verified such information. Kilpatrick  Townsend  has not assumed any obligation to update this  Memorandum.   37   MANAGEMENT   The  Manager   of the  Company   is  Commune  Fund V I  Management , LLC, a  wholly - owned  subsidiary of Commune Capital .  Commune Capital is owned, directly or indirectly,  by Alliance Financial  Group, Inc. (“ AFG ”), Brent Lamo, Michael Allen Taylor, and Michael J. Michalov.  AFG serves as the  manager of Commune Capital.  Information regarding, AFG, AFG’s principals, Mr. Lamo, Mr. Taylor, Mr.  Michalov , and other key personnel   is set forth below.      Among its other activities,  Commune Capital , directly or through its subsidiaries, manages  seven   additional private real estate  entities, Commune RESOP   Self - Storage , LLC   (f/k/a RESOP, LLC)    (“ Commune RESOP ”), Commune   Multi - Family , LLC   (f/k/a Commune VA1, LLC)  (“ Commune   Multi - Family ”),  Commune Asset - Backed Lending Partners, LP (“ Commune   ABLP ”), Commune Mar Vista  Investors, LLC (“ Commune Mar Vista ”), Commune VTA Investors, LLC (“ Commune VTA ”) ,  Commune Fund V, LLC  (“ Commune V ”),  and Alternative Investment Portfolio LP (“ AIP ”),  each of which  are described briefly below.     • Commune RESOP began as a ground - up development of a 264,000 foot self - storage facility in 1998.  Since its inception, Commune RESOP has expanded its portfolio to include  eleven   self - storage properties , of which  two   have been sold,  seven   are completed and operating,  one  is under construction, and  one   is preparing to commence construction. Commune RESOP’s properties include over  one   million square feet of buildings , with   three ground - up building developments and  eight   adaptive reuse developments across  ten   states. • Commune  Multi - Family  is a real estate investment portfolio that acquire d  multi - family properties   and development opportunities. Commune Multi - Family is no longer maki ng n ew  investments and will wind down after  of its properties are completed and sold . •  C  ommune  ABLP is a private commercial real estate lending portfolio . Commune ABLP is no longer making new investments   and is winding down . •  C  ommune V is a real estate investment portfolio that  acquire d  properties  for  multifamily development .  Commune V   is   no longer initiating new investments, and will wind dow n af ter its 3 properties are completed and sold. • Commune   Mar Vista   is a real estate entity holding and developing a single  multifamily property. • Commune VTA is a real estate entity holding and developing a single  multifamily  property. • AIP is an investment portfolio that acquired real estate   and securities in  privately offere d pa rtnerships, publicly - traded securities,  and  private companies .  AIP is no longer initiating new investments. It currently owns a controlling interest in one multifamily property a nd w ill wind down after that property is sold. AFG .   A FG was formed in 1987.  AFG’s principals are Randall P. Sanada, Sr., Jerry V. Sanada,  and Randall P. Sanada, Jr.  Jerry Sanada is a director and AFG’s Chief Executive Officer, and Chief  Investment Officer; Randall Sanada, Jr. is a director and AFG’s Vice President; and Doug Laabs is AFG’s  Chief Financial Officer .   Jerry V. Sanada .   Mr. Sanada joined AFG in 1993 and serves as the Chief Executive Officer (2023  – present), the Chief Financial Officer (1998  –  2024), and Chief Investment Officer (1998  –  present) of AFG, and is the Co - President and Chief  Investment  Officer of Commune Capital. In addition to his involvement with the Company, Mr. Sanada currently oversees the development, operations, a nd m anagement of all of Commune Capital’s sponsored investment vehicles. Mr. Sanada earned his B.S. in Business Adminis tration from Pepperdine  University in 1997. He is also a CFA (Chartered Financial 38   Analyst) charter holder. He maintains membership with the CFA Institute, and the CFA Society of Los  Angeles.   R andall P. Sanada ,  Sr .    Mr. Sanada began his career in the financial services industry in 1972 at  IDS/American Express. In 1987, he founded AFG as a financial services firm providing clients with  services ranging from asset management to tax and estate planning through AFG or its   subsidiaries. He  served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of AFG (1987  –  2022). Mr. Sanada received a B.S. in  Business Management and a B.S. in Data Processing from California Polytechnic University in 1973, and  a Master of Science in Financial   Services in 1984 and a Masters of Management in 1987 from The American  College.   Randall Sanada, Jr .    Mr. Sanada joined AFG in 1995 as a Client Service Advisor. He graduated  cum laude from Biola University in 1995, receiving a degree in Business Finance and a minor in  Theological Studies. He is a Certified Financial Planner and a Certified Kingdom Advisor.   Brent G. Lamo .   Mr. Lamo has served as the Director of Real Estate for AFG and its subsidiaries  since 2013.  In 1998 he partnered with AFG to help found Commune RESOP as an initial managing member  and co - developer.  He now oversees the acquisition, development, and operations of all Properties owned  by Commune  Capital’s sponsored investment vehicles .  Since 1990, Mr. Lamo has been focusing his efforts  on real estate development and construction.  He has completed over 100 commercial and residential  building projects.  The scope of his work has included all phases of land development, construction  management, speculative ground - up developments, and operations for commercial projects, private  lending, multi - family housing, residential tracts, and high - end custom estates.  Mr.   Lamo earned his B.A.  in Business Administration from the University of Minnesota in 1983.  Mr. Lamo is also a California  Licensed Real Estate Broker and California Licensed General Contractor.   Michael (Mikey) Allen Taylor.    In 2018, Mr. Taylor, along with AFG, founded the Commune  Capital platform, and Mr. Taylor currently serves as Co - President of Commune Capital. From 2001 to 2016,  Mr. Taylor had a career as a professional skateboarder. In 2012, Mr. Taylor co - founded Saint A rcher  Brewing Company, a craft brewery in San Diego, California, a majority of which was ultimately acquired  by MillerCoors in 2015. Mr. Taylor is also a co - founder of Sovrn, an apparel and skateboard company  founded in 2016,   and is the founder of Mike Taylor, Inc., a company that manages Mr. Taylor’s personal  brand founded in 2008.   Michael J. Michalov .  Mr. Michalov has served as the Chief Operations Officer of Commune  Capital since 2020. From 2015 to 2020, Mr. Michalov served as a Financial Advisor for Alliance Advisory  and Securities, LLC (“Alliance”), a subsidiary of AFG. Prior to joining Alliance, fro m 2011 to 2015, Mr.  Michalov was a Vice President for the Los Angeles & Central California Retail Banking Division for Union  Bank. Mr. Michalov earned a B.S. in business marketing and economics from California State University  – Northr idge in 2005. Doug D. Laabs .   Mr. Laabs has served as   the Chief Financial Officer of Commune Capital and AFG  since 2024. He manag es   all accounting aspects of Commune   Capital and its sponsored investment vehicles .  Mr. Laabs served as the Controller of Commune Capital  and AFG from 2021 to 2024, and as the  Accounting Manager of Commune Capital and AFG from 2019 to 2021. Prior to joining Commune in 2019,  Mr. Laabs served in various accounting leadership roles with s tart - ups and larger manufacturing and tech  corporations. He  earned his B.A. in Accounting from University of Wisconsin, Eau Claire in 1998.   39   DETERMINATION OF UNIT PRICE   The price per Unit calculation will reflect the total value of the Company’s assets minus total value of  liabilities, divided by the number of Units outstanding as of the determination date.    The Unit price reflects the Manager’s estimate of the amount that would be distributed on a per Unit basis,  assuming: (i) a hypothetical liquidation of each Property Entity; and (ii) a hypothetical liquidation of the  Company.    For purposes of calculating Unit price, Properties will be valued at least annually using an appraisal by an  independent appraiser, or if an appraisal has not been obtained at cost, and other inputs deemed appropriate  by the Manager. The price per Unit wil l be adjusted annually, upon any distribution, and upon any material  change in the value of a   Property , including, without limitation, the addition or disposition of a  Property .  The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to monitor whether a material event occurs that the  Manager reasonably believes would cause the price per Unit to change by 5% or more from the last  disclosed price per Unit.    While appraisals will be used, the appraiser will not be responsible for, or prepare the price per Unit. As  with any methodology used to estimate value, the methodology that will be employed by is based upon a  number of estimates and assumptions about futu re events that may not be accurate or complete. Further,  different parties using different assumptions and estimates could derive a different price per Unit, which  could be significantly different from the calculated price per Unit. The price per Unit will   fluctuate over  time and does not represent: (i) the price at which the Units would trade on a national securities exchange;  or (ii) the amount per Unit a Member would obtain if  the Member  tried to sell their Units.    DESCRIPTION OF THE OPERATING AGREEMENT   Upon acceptance of subscriptions, prospective  investors   who elect to participate in the Offering will be  deemed admitted to the Company and will become Members therein, and will become parties to and be  bound by the terms and conditions of the Operating Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time.  The operations and activities of the Company will be governed by the terms and conditions thereof.  The  following is a summary description of various provisions of the Operating Agreement; however,   this  summary description is qualified in its entirety by the act ual provisions of the Operating Agreement, and  therefore,   prospective  investors   should refer to the Operating Agreement regarding its precise terms and  the nature or impact of its provisions.  Except as otherwise defined in this Memorandum, capitalized terms  used in this section have the meanings ascribed to them in the Operating Agre ement.   General .  The Company is a Delaware limited liability company. The Operating Agreement provides for  two   class es   of membership interest s , Class A Units and Class B Un its.  The Operating Agreement authorizes the  Company to issue an unlimited number of Units with the approval of the Manager but without Member  approval,   and authorizes the Manager to create additional series or classes of units.   Members have no  conversion, exchange, sinking fund or appraisal rights, and no pre - emptive rights to subscribe for any  securities of the Company.   Management.   The Manager in its sole discretion has full, complete and exclusive right, power and authority to exercise  all the powers of the Company in order to do all things necessary to effectuate the purposes of the Company  as more fully set forth in the Operating  Agreement.  The Manager has the power and authority, on behalf  of the Company, to delegate to one or more persons its rights and powers to manage and control the affairs  of the Company.     40   Fiduciary Responsibilities of the Manager.   The Manager is accountable to the Company as a fiduciary, subject to certain limitations set forth in the  Operating Agreement, and, consequently, must exercise good faith in handling the affairs of the Company.    Accounting, Books and Records.   As of the date of this Memorandum, the Manager will maintain the Company’s books and records and will  determine in its discretion all items of income, loss, net profits, and net losses in accordance with the method  of accounting selected by the Manager, co nsistently applied.  The books and records of the Company will  be maintained at the principal office of the Company, and Members will have limited access to the books  and records subject to reasonable requirements imposed by the Manager consistent with the   Operating  Agreement and Delaware law.   Financial Reports and Tax Returns.   The Manager intends to provide periodic reports to the Members regarding the Company and its  performance, and will provide financial statements to Members annually within 120 days after the end of  each fiscal year (or as soon as reasonably practicable ther eafter).  U.S. federal income tax information will  be provided annually.   Operating Expenses.   Except as otherwise noted herein, the Company (either directly or through the  Properties Entities   or  subsidiaries ) will be responsible for paying, or reimbursing the Manager, for all costs and expenses incurred  in the formation and operation of the Company   and  Properties, including but not limited to  preparation of  tax returns, any state and federal income tax,  legal  fees and   expenses,  accounting fees, filing fees, any   required independent audit reports required by agencies governing the business activities of the Company,   the continued offering of Units (including, without limitation, federal, state or local registration or filing  fees, legal fees, consulting fees, printing fees, travel and related expenses, and any other fees and expenses  related thereto), Management Fees,   legal and accounting expenses, software,  fees for services of platforms  and research and data providers,  fees for outside services, the costs of ann ual audits, financial statements,  tax preparation, custodial fees, insurance and litigation expenses, taxes (including property taxes on  Properties, as applicable), bank service fees, annual governmental fees and charges, travel, salaries and  benefits for  on - site Property personnel (e.g., front - desk workers and facilities crews located at a Property),  acquisition expenses and fees,  disposition fees, placement   agent   fees,  contractors, construction expenses,  capital expenses, servicing expenses, and due dilig ence costs and expenses, and all other non - recurring or  extraordinary expenses properly chargeable to the Company.  In addition, the Company may enter into  financing, sales and marketing, and leasing agreements with affiliates on prevailing market rate ter ms.   Except as otherwise provided herein, the Manager will be responsible for the expenses of its own operations,  including office space and facilities, salaries, furniture and fixtures, and other office equipment .   Operating expenses of the Company include, without limitation, the following expenses:   Organization and Offering Expenses . The Company will reimburse the Manager for organization  and offering costs it incurs on behalf of the Company.     Asset Management Fee . The Company will pay the Manager a  monthly   asset  management fee,  attributed to each Member pro rata based upon their respective Units,  equal to  2 %   annualized   of  the net  asset  value o f the Company.      Acquisition Fee.  The Company will pay the Manager or Manager Affiliate an acquisition fee for  services related to coordinating the acquisition of a Property equal to 1% of the sum of the purchase  41   price and the budgeted cost of any planned improvements of the applicable Property at the time of  initial investment by the Company.    Di sposition Fee . The Company will pay the Manager or  a Manager A ffiliate  a disposition fee for  services related to coordinating the disposition of a Property equal to 1% of the sales price of the  applicable Property .    F inancing Fees.   When the Company secures financing or refinances a Property, the Company or a  Property Entity will pay the Manager or  a Manager A ffiliate  a financing fee equal to 1% of the  amount financed.   P roperty  Management Fee . The Property Entities will pay property management fees (which are  typically expected to be a percentage of the aggregate revenues generated by the Property) to the  property manager of that Property, which property manager may be the Manager,  a Manager  A ffiliate , or third party.   Construction Expenses.   When the Company undertakes renovation, development, or construction  projects, the applicable Property Entity will pay the costs of such projects.    C  onstruction Fee .  When the Company undertakes renovation or construction projects, the  Company or the applicable Property Entity may engage a construction manager, which may be the  Manager,  a Manager A ffiliate , or third party.   Where the Manager or a Manager A ffiliate  is engaged  for such services, the fee for such services will typically be ten percent (10%) of the total project  costs ( e.g. , all hard and soft costs).    G  uarantor Fee .  If the lender requires a guarantee, then t he   Company or its subsidiaries (as  applicable) may   pay compensation to the Manager,  a Manager A ffiliate , or third parties (including,  without limitation, Members) who guarantee debt incurred by the Company or its subsidiaries.  Any  compensation to the Manager or  a Manager A ffiliate  in exchange for a guaranty will not exceed  2% of the amount guaranteed per annum.   Se lling Compensation.   Subject to applicable law, the Placement Agent will generally receive  Placement Fees equal to  1 .5 %  of commitments from referred investors accepted by the  Company   and 1%   of commitments from  all   investors accepted by the  Company .   Placement Fees will be an  expense of the  Company .  Subject to applicable law, the Manager may, in its sole discretion, pay  Placement Fees to other third parties.   Ot her Service and Operating Fees.    In addition to the fees described above,  the Property Entities  may engage service providers to provide other services, including without limitation,  brokerage,  construction, management, and operational services, which services may be provided by the  Manager,  a Manager A ffiliate , or third party.   If a Property Entity or the Company engages a third  party service provider instead of the Manager or  a Manager A ffiliate , fees will be negotiated at  arm’s length.  However, if a Property Entity engages the Manager or a Manager A ffiliate  for  services, the Property Entity or the Company (as applicable) will pay fees based on the assessment  of prevailing market rates for the size, scope and other characteristics of the applicable project, as  determined by such entity’s manager (which may be  the Manager or a Manager A ffiliate ).  Distributions.   Distributions from the Company will be made on a  Property- by -Property  basis, and may be made at any  time as determined by the Manager in its discretion.  In general, distributions of Cash Flow will be made    42   quarterly within 45 days of the end of each calendar quarter.  Distributions of Distributable Sales Proceeds  will generally be distributed as soon as practicable after receipt thereof.    The Manager will withhold from any distribution amounts necessary for payment of expenses and liabilities  of the Company or its subsidiaries, including payments to the Manager or  a Manager Affiliate  and any  additional amount considered appropriate by the Manager to create cash reserves for taxes, debt service,  future expenses related to the Company’s operation, insurance, repairs, replacements or renewals and/or  other obligations, costs, expenses and  liabilities, contingent or otherwise anticipated by the M anager.    Distributions  of Cash Flow   Distributions of Cash Flow will be made: (1) 70% to the  Members pro rata in proportion to such Member’s  Units ; and (2) 30% to the  Carry Recipient .     Distributions  of Distributable Sales Proceeds   Distributions of Distributable Sales Proceeds will be made:   •   First,  to the Members pro rata   in proportion to such Member’s Units until the Member has received  distributions equal to the Member’s aggregate unreturned Capital Contributions to the Company;    •   Thereafter, (1) 70% to the Members pro rata in proportion to such Member’s Units; and (2) 30%  to the Carry Recipient.   Members will be eligible for distributions as of the date their subscription documents are accepted by the  Company.    Allocation of Profits and Losses.   The Manager will allocate the Company’s profits and losses in accordance with the Operating Agreement.   Prospective  investors   are strongly urged to carefully review the Operating Agreement for a complete  understanding of the allocation of profits and losses.   Transfer Restrictions.   A Member may assign  the Member’s   Units only if certain conditions set forth in the Operating Agreement  are satisfied and any transfer of Units requires Manager approval. If a Member finds a willing buyer, that  buyer must meet all eligibility standards and other requirements applicable to   subscribers, consent in writing  to be bound by all the terms of the Operating Agreement, indemnify the Company from any liability arising  from the transfer, and pay all reasonable expenses incurred by the Company in connect ion with the transfer.  In addition, the Manager must have consented in writing to the transfer. The Manager may withhold this  consent in its sole and absolute discretion.     Each distribution will be paid to the person who the Company’s records show to be the Member or  transferee associated with each particular Unit as of the date a distribution is declared. Transferors who  owned one or more Units for part of a distribution pe riod but did not own those Units on the date the  distribution was declared will not receive any distributions on account of the transferred Units.     Resignation or Removal of the Manager .   The   Manager of the Company may resign on thirty (30) days   written notice to the Members of the Company,  which may require approval of a lender if a loan was conditioned on the qualifications of the Manager. The  Manager may be removed by the Members by the affirmative vote of Members holding 75% of the  Class  A  Units in the Company. Members holding at least  50 % of the  Class A  Units in the Company may elect a  successor manager in the event of resignation or removal.   43   Dissolution of the Company.   The Company will be dissolved upon the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Company’s  assets or the determination by the Manager to terminate the Company. The assets of the Company will be  liquidated as follows: (i) to payment of debts an d liabilities of the Company; (ii) to establish reserves  reasonably necessary for contingent or unforeseen liability or obligations; (iii) to the payment of debts and  other liability owed to any Member; and (iv) in the same manner as distributions from Dis tributable Sales  Proceeds.    I ndemnification.   The Operating Agreements provides that the Company will indemnify the Manager,  Manager A ffiliates,  and their respective officers, managers, employees, directors, agents, investment committee members,  stockholders, members, and partners and any other person who serves at the request of the Manager on  behalf of the Company as an officer, manager, director, partner, member, advisor, employee, or agent of  any of such entities (“ Indemnitees ”) to the fullest extent permitted by law, against all losses, claims,  da mages, expenses, liabilities, and actions arising from the Indemnitees activities on behalf of the Company  or in connection with the Company   or otherwise arising out of or in connection with the Company or any  Property , business or affairs or concerning the performance or actions taken by the Company, the Manager,  or any Affiliate or agent thereof, to the interpretation, effect, termination, validity, and/or breach of this  Agreement ; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to   the extent that, in  the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, such Losses are found to have arisen from an  Indemnitee’s own fraud, willful misconduct, gross negligence, bad faith, or intentional and material breach  of the Operating Agreemen t.      Expenses incurred in defending an action, suit or proceeding, if requested by an Indemnitee, will be paid  by the Company in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an  undertaking by such Indemnitee to repay such amount plus reasonable interest in the event that, in the final  judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, such Indemnitee is found to have committed fraud, willful  misconduct, gross negligence, bad faith, or an intentional and material breach of the O perating Agreement,  and such losses have resulted therefrom.    Amendment .  The Manager may amend the Operating Agreement without Member reflect changes in contributions and  membership, to admit or effect withdrawals of Members, to correct any ambiguous, false or erroneous  provision, or otherwise; provided, the amendment will not  have a material adverse effect on the rights,  privileges, and powers of the Members as a group. Otherwise, proposed amendments must be approved in  writing by holders representing a majority of the Units   and the Carry Recipient .    Authority to Conduct Future Offerings.   Under the Operating Agreement, the Manager has the discretion to issue additional equity interests in the  Company, debt, or rights convertible into equity interests in the Company and to alter the terms of equity  in the Company (including, without limitati on, to set or change the preferences, conversion or other rights,  voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to allocations or distributions, qualifications and terms and  conditions of redemption for each class or series of equity ).    THE FOREGOING IS ONLY A BRIEF SUMMARY OF CERTAIN ASPECTS OF THE COMPANY’S  OPERATING AGREEMENT.  THIS SUMMARY IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY THE  OPERATING AGREEMENT.  PROSPECTIVE  INVESTORS   ARE STRONGLY URGED TO REVIEW  44   THE OPERATING AGREEMENT CAREFULLY FOR A COMPLETE UNDERSTANDING OF ITS  TERMS AND CONDITIONS.   CERTAIN U.S.  FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS  The following  discussion, in general, summarizes   certain U.S. federal income tax   aspects of an  investment in the Company by   Members   that hold Interests in the Company as capital assets .  This   summary  is based on  existing provisions of  the  Code   its legislative history, existing and proposed  Treasury  R egulations (the “ Regulations ”),  published rulings and court decisions, all as currently in effect and all  subject to change at any time, perhaps with retroactive effect .   For purposes of this discussion, a Member  is an investor who or that is (a) a citizen or resident of the United States, ( b) a corporation organized under  the laws of the United States, any state or the District of Columbia or (c) a person or entity otherwise subject  to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis in respect of its investment in the Company.    P rospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the consequences of an  investment, in their particular circumstances, under the Code and the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction,  of an investment in the Company.    I n addition to the U.S. federal income tax risks and consequences discussed below, ownership of  Interests may subject a Member to state, local and non - U.S. income and withholding taxes and estate,  inheritance, intangible or taxes that may be imposed by va rious jurisdictions, none of which are discussed  in this section.    THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS DISCUSSED IN THIS  MEMORANDUM NECESSARILY ARE GENERAL AND MIGHT VARY DEPENDING  ON EACH  MEMBER’S   INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY,  PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS:  (I) ARE NOTIFIED THAT THE DISCUSSION  CONTAINED UNDER THIS SECTION IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE  USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, BY   MEMBERS  FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING  PENALTIES THAT MIGHT BE IMPOSED UPON THEM UNDER U.S. FEDERAL TAX  LAWS; AND (II) SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON THEIR PARTICULAR  CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO  THE U.S.  FEDERAL, STATE ,  LOCAL  AND NON - U.S. TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN  INVESTMENT IN THE   COMPANY .  The following summary does not discuss or purport to discuss all of the tax consequences that may be  relevant to a particular Member or to certain types of Members that are subject to special treatment under  U.S. federal income tax laws.  In particular, th e following discussion does not apply to Members who are:  broker - dealers; financial institutions; insurance companies; non - U.S. Members; persons holding 10% or  more (by value) of outstanding Units; persons holding Units as part of a “straddle,” “hedge,” “c onversion  transaction,” “synthetic security” or other integrated investment; persons holding Units on behalf of other  persons as nominees; persons holding Units through a partnership or other pass - through entity; persons  subject to the alternative minimum  tax provisions of the Code; REITs; regulated investment companies;  subchapter S corporations; non - U.S. governments; trusts and estates; U.S. expatriates; or tax - exempt  organizations or other persons owning Units through a tax - exempt or tax - deferred arrangement such as an  account that qualifies as an individual retirement account under the Code.    C  lassification of the Company   45   The  Company   expects to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, provided  it does not elect to be taxed as a corporation. The  Company   does not intend to elect to be taxed as a  corporation at this time. Also, the  Company   does not expect to be taxed as a corporation under the rules for  publicly traded partnerships because it expects to satisfy the 90% qualifying income test under Section 7704  of the Code. The Code contains certain provisions that apply to “publicly traded  partnerships. ” Section  7704(b) of the Code defines a publicly traded partnership as any partnership, like the  Company , the interests  of which are either (i) traded on an established securities market or (ii) readily tradeable on a secondary  market (or the substantial equivalent of a secondary market). A publicly traded partnership is subject to  U.S. federal income taxati on as a corporation unless at least 90% of its gross income for the taxable year  and each prior taxable year for which it was a publicly traded partners hip constituted certain “qualifying  income.” The Regulations provide a safe harbor for avoiding classification as a publicly traded partnership  pursuant to which interests in a partnership will not be treated as readily tradable on a secondary market or  th e substantial equivalent of a secondary market if (i) all of the fund interests are issued in a transaction or  transactions that are not registered under the 1933 Act and (ii) the fund does not have more than 100 partners  (the “ Private Placement Safe Harbo r ”).  The Company may satisfy the Private Placement Safe Harbor,  although it is not required to by the Operating Agreement. The Manager intends that at least 90% of the  Company’s gross income for each taxable year will constitute qualifying income. Assuming the  Company  so invests, the Company would not be subject to tax as a corporation pursuant to the provisions applicable  to publicly traded partnerships, even if the Company did not satisfy the Private Placement Safe Harbor.  If  the  Company   were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, income, gains, losses,  deductions and credits of the  Company   would be reflected on its tax return rather than being passed through  to the  Members . In any particular year, a  Member  may have taxable income and a resulting tax liability  even though such  Member  has not received cash from the  Company   with which to pay such taxes.   The remainder of this discussion presumes the Company will not be treated as a corporation for  U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, subject to the discussion below under “Audits,” the  Company   itself is not expected to be subject to U.S. federal income tax, but each  Member   will be required to take into  account its distributive share of items of income, gain, loss and deduction of the  Company   substantially as  though such items had been realized directly by such  Member , whether or not any actual cash   distributions  are made to such  Member . Such items of income, gain, loss and deduction will be required to be taken into  account in the applicable taxable year of the  Member . In any particular year, a  Member   may have taxable  income and a resulting tax liability even though such  Member  has not received cash from the  Company   with which to pay such taxes.   Taxation of  Company  –  In General   Allocation of Profit and Loss . Allocations of the Company’s net income, net loss, depreciation,  amortization and cost recovery deductions and gain on sale will be reported in the manner provided in the  Operating Agreement. The Manager believes that such allocations will be respected b y the IRS as having  “substantial economic effect” or being in accordance with the Members’ Interests in the Company.    Ta xation of Distributions .  Cash distributions (including reductions of a  Member ’s share of  Company   liabilities, which are treated as cash distributions)  are not expected   be taxable to a  Member   except  to the extent they exceed the   Member ’s tax basis for its Interest. The excess will generally be taxable as  long - term or short - term capital gain, depending on the  Member ’s holding period for its Interest. No loss  is  expected to  be recognized by a  Member   upon the receipt of a distribution from the  Company   except where  the distribution is a liquidating distribution consisting solely of cash, and the amount of cash is less than  the Member ’s tax basis in its ownership interest immediately before the distribution.   46   Ordinary and necessary expenses incurred in connection with the Company’s operations will be  deductible to the extent they are deemed to be reasonable in amount, with the exception of syndication and  organizational expenses that are not currently deductible by the Company , as discussed further below .    Sale of Property .  Upon the sale of  a  Property, the Company will recognize gain or loss to the extent  that the amount realized from such sale is more or less than the adjusted basis of the Property. The amount  realized upon the sale of  a  Property will generally be equal to the sum of the cash received plus the amount  of indebtedness encumbering the Property, if any, assumed by the purchaser or to which the Property  remains subject upon the transfer of the Property to the purchaser. The adjusted basis of the  Property will  in general be equal to the original cost of the Property less depreciation and cost recovery allowances  allowed with respect to the Property.    Assuming that the Company is not deemed to be a dealer with respect to  any  Property, gain or loss  realized on a sale of  a  Property will generally be taxable under Section 1231 of the Code. Each Member’s  share of the gains or losses resulting from the sale of  a  Property would generally be combined with any  other Section 1231 gains or losses realized by Members in that year from sources other than the Company,  and the net Section 1231 gain or loss will generally be treated as long - term capital gain subject to   depreciation or cost recovery allowance recapture, if any, or ordinary loss, as the case may be.  Investors  should be aware that the amount of taxable gain allocated to Members with respect to the sale of  a  Property  might exceed the cash proceeds received by Members with respect to such sale.    Property Held Primarily for Sale .  The Company was organized for the purpose of acquiring real  estate for investment and rental purposes. If the Company was at any time deemed for tax purposes to be a  “dealer” in real property, defined as one who holds real estate primarily for sale to cust omers in the ordinary  course of business, however, any gain recognized upon a sale of such real property would be taxable as  ordinary income, rather than as capital gain.   W hether property is held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business must be  determined from all the facts and circumstances surrounding the particular property and sale in question.  The Company intends to acquire real estate for investment and rental only and to engage in the business of  owning such real properties. The Company will only sell its real properties when the Manager determines  it is consistent with our investment objectives. The Manager does not anticipate that the Compa ny will be  treated as a dealer with respect to  any   Property. However, there is no assurance that the IRS will not take a  contrary position.   Syndication and Organizational Expenses .  A current deduction is not allowed for expenses incurred  in connection with either: (i) organizing the Company; or (ii) syndicating interests in the Company.  Amounts that qualify as organizational expenses, as well as other start - up expenditures, may be am ortized  ratably over a period of up to 60 months. Syndication expenses are neither deductible nor amortizable and  include costs and expenses incurred in connection with promoting and marketing the Interests such as  sales  commissions, professional fees and printing costs. The IRS might attempt to recharacterize certain costs  and expenses that the Manager intends to amortize over 60 months as nondeductible syndication expenses.   Sales of Interests . Members might be unable to sell any or all of their Interests because no active trading  market exits for Interests.  In the event that a  Member   sells   any or all of   its Interest, the  Member  will realize  gain or loss equal to the difference between its amount realized from the sale and the  Member’s adjusted  tax basis in its Interest. Assuming that the  Member  has held the Interest for more than 12 months, the  Member’s  gain or loss will be long - term capital gain or loss, except for that port ion of any gain attributable  to the  Member’s  share of the  Company’s  “unrealized receivables” and “inventory items,” as defined in  Section 751 of the Code, which portion would be taxable as ordinary income.    Any recapture of cost recover  allowances taken previously by the Company with respect to personal property associated with a Property  47   will be treated as “unrealized receivables” for this purpose.  The Code requires the Company to report any  sale of Interests to the IRS if any portion of the gain realized upon such sale is attributable to the transferor’s  share of the Company’s “Section 7 51 property.”      D issolution and Liquidation of the Company .  A dissolution and liquidation of the  Company   will involve  the distribution to investors of the cash remaining after the sale of  Company  assets and payment of all  Company   debts and liabilities. If a  Member   receives cash in excess of the adjusted basis of its Interest, such  excess will be taxable as a gain.  If a  Member   were to receive only cash, the  Member   would recognize a  loss to the extent, if any, that the adjusted basis of the  Member ’s Interest exceeded the am ount of cash  received. No loss would be recognized if a  Member   were to receive property other than money, unrealized  receivables and “inventory” as defined in Section 751 of the Code.    L imitations of Losses and Deductions   Ba sis Limitations . A  Member  is not permitted to deduct  Company   losses that exceed the   Member ’s  adjusted tax basis in their Interest at the end of the year in which such loss is incurred. A  Member ’s tax  basis for their Interest is generally equal to the amount of such  Member ’s cash contributions made to the  Company , increased by (i) the  Member ’s allocable share of  Company   taxable income, (ii) the  Member ’s  allocable share of  Company   tax - exempt income, and (iii) the  Member ’s allocable share of liabilities of t he  Company;  and decreased by (w) the  Member ’s allocable share of  Company   taxable losses and non - deductible expenses, (x) any distributions of cash received by the Member from the Company , (y) the tax  basis of any property distributed by the  Company to such Member   and (z) any decrease in the  Member ’s  share of  Company  liabilities.   At Risk  Limitations . Section 465 of the Code limits certain taxpayers’ losses from certain activities  for a tax year only to the amount the  Members  are “at risk” in the activities. Taxpayers subject to the “at  risk” rules are non - corporate taxpayers (i.e., individuals), including trusts and estates, and certain closely  held corporations. A  Member   subject to the “at risk” rules will not be permitted to deduct in any year losses  arising from such  Member ’s interest in the  Company   to the extent that the losses exceed t he amount such  Member   is considered to have “at risk” in the  Company   at the close of that year.   A taxpayer is considered to be “at risk” in any activity to the extent of such taxpayer’s cash  contribution to the activity, the tax basis in other property contributed to the activity by such taxpayer and  such taxpayer’s personal liability for repayments  of amounts borrowed for use in the activity.  With respect  to amounts borrowed for use in the activity, the taxpayer is not considered to be “at risk” even if personally  liable for repayment if the borrowing was from a person who has an “interest” in the a ctivity other than an  interest as a creditor.    Each  Member   will be at risk initially for the amount of their capital contribution. A  Member’ s  amount “at risk” will be increased by such  Member ’s distributive share of income from the  Company , and  any additional capital contributions, and will be decreased by such  Member ’s distributive share of losses  from the  Company   and distributions received.  I f a  Member ’s amount “at risk” decreases to zero, such  Member   can take no further losses until such  Member   has an “at risk” amount to cover the losses. A  Member   is   subject to a recapture of losses previously allowed to the extent that such  Member ’s amount “at risk” is  reduced below zero (limited to loss amounts previously allowed to the   Member   over any amounts  previously recaptured).    Nevertheless, the portion of the  Member ’s share of the  Company ’s losses for any tax year in excess  of its “at risk” amount in the   Company   can be carried over indefinitely and deducted in later years to the  extent such   Member ’s “at risk” amount has increased above zero.  These “at risk” limitation rules are  independent of, and in addition to, the general rule limiting losses allocable to a  Member by the Company   48   to the amount of the tax basis of such  Member ’s interests, discussed in detail above under the heading  “Basis Limitations”.   Passive Activity Loss Limitations . Individuals and other non - corporate taxpayers, personal service  corporations and closely held “C” corporations are restricted from using trade or business losses sustained  by limited partnerships and other businesses in which such taxpayer does not mater ially participate to offset  income from other sources. Therefore, such “passive activity losses” generally cannot be used to offset  salary or other earned income, active business income or “portfolio income” (i.e., dividend s, interest,  royalties and non - business capital gains) of the taxpayer.   Generally, income or losses from the investment activities of the  Company  would not be taken into  account in determining income or loss from a passive activity.  However, if the  Company  were treated as  engaged in business activities via direct or indirect ownership of interests in operating businesses organized  as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes then the passive activity loss limitations may apply to  any losses generated   by any such trade or business activities attributed to the  Company .  In determining a  Member ’s allowable loss, the “at risk” rules (discussed in detail above under the  heading “At Risk Limitations”), are applied before the passive activity loss rules. Under the passive activity  loss rules, a disallowed loss is suspended and carried forward as a deduction from the passive activity in  the next succeeding tax year. A  Member’s  unused passive activity losses are allowed, in full, when such  partner disposes of its entire interest in a fully taxable transaction.     Investment Interest Limitations . To the extent that the  Company   incurs interest expense or short  sale expenses that is not treated as part of the   Company ’s trade or business activity, a non - corporate Member   will likely be subject to the “investment interest expense” limitations of Section 163(d) of the Code.  Investment interest expense includes (i) interest paid or accrued on indebtedness incurred or continued to  purchase or carry property held for investment and (ii) any amounts deductible in connection with personal  property used in a short sale. The term does not include: (i) any qualified residence interest, or (ii) any  interest that   is taken into account under Section 469 of the Code in computing income or loss from  taxpayer’s passive activity.  The deduction for investment interest expense is limited to the non - corporate  taxpayer’s net investment income for the taxable year (i.e., the excess of investment income over investment  expenses). Excess investment interest expense that is disallowed may be carried forward to succeeding  years and would be subject to the investment interest limitation in each such succeeding year. Net capital  gain (i.e., net long - term capital gain over net short - term capital loss) on property held for investment and  qualified dividend income are only included in investment income for this purpose to the extent that the  taxpayer elects to subject some or all of such gain or dividend income to taxation at ordinary income tax  rates.  The Section 163(d) limitations will apply at the  Me mber  level with regard to a non - corporate  Member’s  distributive share of the  Company’ s interest expense.       Itemized Deduction Limitations .  The issue of whether the Company will be engaged in a trade or  business for U.S. federal income tax purposes is unclear. The Manager believes that the Company will not  be engaged in a trade or business for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the  Company ’s activities in a  taxable year are not treated as a trade or business, a non - corporate Member ’s allocable share of management  fees and other non - business expenses of the  Company   would be classified as nondeductible miscellaneous  itemized deductions, instead of deductible business expenses. For taxable years beginning before January  1, 2026, deductions for such miscellaneous itemized deductions are disallowed for non - corporate tax payers.  A non - corporate taxpayer’s investment expenses that are miscellaneous itemized deductions are also not  deductible in calculating the taxpayer’s alternative minimum tax liability.     49   Capital Loss Limitations . Capital losses generally may be deducted only to the extent of capital  gains, except for non - corporate taxpayers, who are allowed to deduct $3,000 of excess capital losses per  year against ordinary income.   Limitations on “Excess Business Loss” Deductions . For taxable years beginning before January 1,  2029, an “excess business loss” of any taxpayer other than a C corporation is disallowed as a deduction. An  excess business loss for the taxable year is the excess of (1) the aggregate deductions of the taxpa yer  attributable to trades or businesses (including income from limited partnership interests) over (2) the sum  of (a) the aggregate gross income or gain of the taxpayer from such trades or businesses, plus ( b) a statutorily  determined threshold amount.   Deductions for losses from the sale or exchange of capital assets are not  taken into account for purposes of determining the aggregate deductions of the taxpayer attributable to  trades or businesses for the taxable year, and the amount of any capital gains   included in the taxpayer’s  aggregate gross income for these purposes may not exceed the lesser of (x) the taxpayer’s capital gain net  income for the taxable year, determined by taking into account only gains a nd losses attributable to a trade  or business, or (y) the taxpayer’s capital gain net income for the taxable year. The limitation on deductibility  of excess business losses is applied at the partner level.   An excess business loss disallowed as a deduction  for any taxable year is treated as a net operating loss for purposes of determining any net operating loss  carryover for subsequent taxable years. To the extent that  Company  income allocable to a  Member  other  than a C corporation is not treated as business   income, the  Member  could be restricted from offsetting  income from the  Company with the Member ’s business losses. This limitation on the deductibility of excess  business losses is applied after applying the tax basis, at risk and passive activity loss rules discussed above.   3.8% Medicare Surtax on Net Investment Income     Member s that are individuals who receive investment income, directly or via pass - through entity  such as the  Company , generally will be subject to a 3.8% Medicare contribution tax on their “net investment  income” to the extent their adjusted gross income exceeds certain thresholds, determined based on their  filing status.      Information Withholding , Indemnity   and  Administrative Matters       Information Reporting  Requirements and Backup Withholding for Members . Under some  circumstances Members may be subject to backup withholding at a   rate of 24%  on payments made with  respect to, or cash proceeds of a sale or exchange of, Interests. Backup withholding will apply only  if   the  Member :      •   fails to furnish  his, her or its   taxpayer identification number;    •   furnishes an  incorrect   tax identification number ;    •   is notified by the IRS that he, she or it has failed to properly report payments of interest and  distributions or is otherwise subject to backup withholding ; or    •   under some circumstances, fails  to certify ,   under the penalty of perjury ,   that   he, she or it   has  furnished a correct tax identification number and that (i) he, she or it has not been notified by the  IRS that he, she or it is  subject to backup withholding  for failure to report interest and distribution  payments or (ii) he, she or it has been notified by the IRS that he, she or it is no longer subject to  backup withholding .      Some Members, including corporations, may be exempt from backup withholding.  Backup  withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of any backup withholding with respect to a  payment to a  Member   will be allowed as a credit against the  Member ’s U.S. federal income tax liability  and may entitle the  Member   to a refund, provided that the required information is furnished to the IRS.  50   Member s should consult their own tax advisors regarding their qualifications for exemption from backup  withholding and the procedure for obtaining an exemption.   Company   Tax Information;  Member   Tax Returns .  The  Company   will furnish  Member s a Schedule  K- 1 containing sufficient information from the  Company ’s annual tax returns to enable the  Member s to prepare their own U.S. federal, state and local tax returns.  Member s may not receive their Schedules K - 1 pr ior to April 15 of the applicable tax year and may need to apply for filing extensions. Audits .  If the IRS audits the  Company   and successfully asserts adjustments to the  Company ’s  information return for a partnership taxable year (the “ reviewed year ”), the  Company   will be directly liable  for the “imputed underpayment” of the  Members ’ income tax, unless certain elections are made. This  “imputed underpayment” will generally be the maximum tax that could have resulted at the partnership  level from the IRS’s adjustments to the  Company ’s items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit, or the  allocation of those items among the  Members .  The imputed underpayment would generally be assessed against the  Company   in the year of the  IRS’s proposed adjustment (the “ adjustment year ”). The IRS would also assert interest, and any applicable  penalties, directly against the  Company   in the adjustment year. Therefore, the  Company   could be liable in  the adjustment year, to the detriment of its  Members   in that year, for alleged underpayments of income tax  by its  Members   in the earlier, reviewed year.   The  Company   could also instead elect to provide to the IRS and to each reviewed year Partner a  binding statement of each reviewed year Partner’s share of the adjustments asserted by the IRS.  Each  reviewed year Partner’s tax in its taxable year in which the statement   was provided will increase by its prior  underpayments of tax with respect to the IRS’s adjustments. The reviewed year  Members   would also be  liable for any applicable penalties, and interest at the IRS underpayment rate plus 2%.   Any elections described above, and all other actions on behalf of the  Company   during an audit  including any settlement with the IRS, will be made by the “partnership representative” on behalf of the  Company   and will be binding on all  Members . Similarly, only one judicial proceeding contesting an IRS  determination could be filed on behalf the  Company   and its  Members . The partnership representative may  consent to an extension of the statute of limitations with respect to  Company   items.  The Company intends  to  designate the Manager as the partnership representative.     Each  Member   will be required to indemnify the  Company   for any tax obligations imposed on the  Company   with respect to such  Member ’s investment in the  Company , including as a result of the procedures  described above.     Reportable and Listed Transactions   Regulations Section 1.6011 - 4 provides that if certain “reportable transactions” or “listed  transactions” occur, which include a transaction resulting in, or that is reasonably expected to result in, a  loss (unreduced by any gains) under Section 165 of the Code of at least $2 million in any single year or $4  million in any combination of two taxable years for a fund such as the  Company , then the  Company   and  Member s in the  Company   must file a IRS Form 8886, Reportable Transaction Disclosure Statement (“ IRS  Form 8886 ”), and attach it to the  Member ’s U.S. federal income tax return for each taxable year for which  the Member ’s U.S. federal income tax liability is affected by the  Member ’s participation in the transaction.  Certain other filing requirements for IRS Form 8886 may apply to certain taxpayers. In addition,  Regulations Section 301.6112 - 1 could require that a list be maintained by the  Manager   containing the  identity of each investor in the  Company   and such other information as required by Regulations if the  Company   entered into a transaction which the  Manager   knows or reasonably expects will be a reportable  51   transaction of the type described in the previous paragraph. Such list would have to be made available to  the IRS upon request. The  Company   does not expect to have to maintain such a list because it does not  expect to enter into any reportable transactions, but no assurance can be given that this will be the case.   Accuracy - Related Penalties .  Section 6662 of the Code imposes an additional tax equal to 20% (or more in certain instances) of  the amount of any portion of an underpayment of tax that is attributable to one or more specified causes,  including negligence or disregard of rules or regula tions, substantial understatements of income tax and  substantial valuation misstatements. No penalty will be imposed, however, with respect to any portion of  an underpayment if it is shown that there is a reasonable cause for that portion and the taxpayer acted in  good faith with respect to that portion. Each prospective  Member   should consult its own tax advisor  concerning the operation and application of these rules.   Other Taxes   In addition to the U.S. federal income tax consequences described above, the  Company   and the  Member s may be subject to various other taxes. The applicability of such other taxes will depend upon  factors unique to particular  Member s, as well as on the laws of other potentially affected taxing  jurisdictions.   THE ABOVE SUMMARY OF CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX  ASPECTS  IS NOT INTENDED  TO BE A COMPLETE SUMMARY OR A SUBSTITUTE FOR  CAREFUL INCOME TAX PLANNING, PARTICULARLY SINCE CERTAIN OF THE INCOME TAX  CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE  COMPANY   MAY NOT BE THE SAME FOR ALL  TAXPAYERS. PROSPECTIVE  MEMBER S SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS   REGARDING A POTENTIAL INVESTMENT IN THE COMPANY AND   FOR FURTHER  INFORMATION ABOUT THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND OTHER TAX  CONSIDERATIONS APPLICABLE TO THEIR OWN TAX SITUATIONS.    INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS AND BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS   Prospective  investors   that are benefit plan investors subject to Title I of ERISA or plans subject to  Section 4975 of the Code should read this section in its entirety for a discussion of certain risks related to  an investment by benefit plans in the Company.  Other prospective   investors   should read this section for a  discussion of risks that could affect the Company’s operations related to ERISA and ERISA compliance.   Benefit Plan Considerations   T his summary is intended for the benefit of a prospective  investor   who is or is acting on behalf of:  (i) an  employee benefit plan which is subject to Title I of ERISA (an “ ERISA Plan ”); (ii) a plan which is subject to Section 4975 of the Code (an “ IRA ”); or (iii) an entity whose underlying assets are treated under ERISA and the Code as the assets of such an ERISA Plan or IRA by reason of an equity investment in such entity by the ERISA Plan or IRA.  Each such prospective  investor   shall be referred to as a “ Benefit Plan Member ”.  The following is a summary of some of the material considerations that may apply to a Benefit Plan Member.  This summary is based on the provisions of ERISA and the Code, regulations and other authority issued thereunder and opinions issued by the Unit ed States Department of Labor.  This summary does not include all of the fiduciary responsibility requirements relevant to Benefit Plan Members. 52   This summary is based on provisions of ERISA and the Code as of the date of this Memorandum .    There can be no assurance that future legislative or administrative changes or court decisions will not  significantly modify the requirements described in this summary.  Any changes may be retroactive and  thereby apply to transactions entered prior to th e date of their enactment or release.   I n addition, this summary does not include a discussion of any laws, regulations or statutes that  may apply to prospective benefit plan Members who are not ERISA Plans or IRAs, such as state or foreign  laws which may apply to governmental or foreign plans that may impose fiduciary responsibility in  connection with the investment of such plans.   D ue to the complexity of the fiduciary and prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and the  Code and the related exemptions and penalties imposed on persons involved in prohibited transaction, and  breaches of fiduciary duties, Benefit Plan Members should   consult with their own counsel regarding the  consequences under ERISA and the Code of purchasing Units and becoming a Member.     G  eneral Matters   T itle I of ERISA imposes requirements on certain ERISA Plans and on persons who are fiduciaries  with respect to ERISA Plans.  Generally, ERISA applies to investments made by ERISA Plans.  Among  other things, ERISA requires that the assets of ERISA Plans be   held in trust and that the trustee, or other  duly authorized fiduciary, have exclusive authority and discretion to manage and control the assets of such  ERISA Plans.  ERISA also imposes certain duties on persons who are fiduciaries of ERISA Plans.  Under  ERISA, any person who exercises any authority or control respecting the management or disposition of the  assets of an ERISA Plan is considered to be a fiduciary of such ERISA Plan (subject to certain exceptions  not here relevant).     I n addition, ERISA Plans and IRAs are prohibited from engaging in a broad range of transactions  with persons having certain specified relationships to such ERISA Plans or IRAs (called “parties in interest”  in ERISA and “disqualified persons” in the Code).    Such transactions are referred to as “prohibited  transactions” under Sections 406 and/or 407 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, and excise taxes in  connection with any non - exempt prohibited transactions may be imposed upon such persons by Section  4975   of the Code.  The Company itself might be considered a “party in interest” or “disqualified person”  with respect to a Benefit Plan Member.  If so, even, the acquisition or holding or transfer of Units by or on  behalf of such a Benefit Plan Member could be   considered to give rise to a non - exempt “prohibited  transaction” within the meaning of ERISA and/or the Code unless an exemption is available.     B efore authorizing an investment in the Company, the responsible fiduciary of the investing ERISA  Plan should consider, among other things:  (i) the fiduciary standards of ERISA; (ii) whether investment in  the Company   satisfies the prudence and diversification requirements of ERISA for such ERISA Plan  (including, without limitation, whether the investment is prudent in light of the limitations on the  marketability, transferability and liquidity of Units); (iii) whether   such fiduciary has the authority to make  the investment under relevant ERISA Plan investment policies and governing ERISA Plan documents and  instruments, as well as under Title I of ERISA; (iv) the liquidity and current return of the total portfolio  relat ive to the anticipated cash flow and liquidity needs of the ERISA Plan; (v) whether the investment in  the Company will result in any UBTI to the ERISA Plan; and (vi) how the prohibited transaction rules of  ERISA and the Code could affect the ERISA Plan and   its fiduciaries.    F iduciaries of IRAs should consider, among other things:  (1) whether the investment is permitted  by the Code’s rules regarding IRA investment; (2) whether the investment in the Company will result in  any UBTI to the IRA; and (iii) how the Code’s prohibite d transaction rules could affect the IRA and its  fiduciaries.   53   F iduciaries of ERISA Plans and IRAs should also give consideration to how the plan asset rule may  impact their investment in the Company, including the risk that the prohibited transaction rules of ERISA  and/or the Code may apply to the transactions of the   Company.    C  ertain employee benefit plans, such as governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA)  and, if no election has been made under Section 410(d) of the Code, church plans (as defined in Section  3(33) of ERISA), are not subject to Title I of ERISA o r Section 4975 of the Code.  Accordingly, assets of  such plans may be invested in Units without regard to the ERISA considerations described above and below,  subject to the provisions of applicable state or other law.     Pla n Asset Rule   T he Code does not specifically define the term “plan assets” as applied to entities in which an  ERISA Plan or IRA invests.  The Department of Labor (“ DOL ”) has, however, issued regulations (29  C.F.R. Section 2510.3 - 101) regarding what constitutes “plan assets” for purposes of Title I of ERISA a nd S ection 4975 of the Code as applied to entities in which an ERISA Plan or IRA invests (the “ Plan Asset Regulations ”), and Section 3(42) of ERISA contains a related definition of “plan assets” that generally endorse s the Plan Asset Regulations (collectively, the Plan Asset Regulations and Section 3(42) of ERIS A sh all be referred to as the “ Plan Asset Rule ”).  The Plan Asset Rule  provides that when an ERISA Plan or IRA acquires an equity interest in an entity (other than a publicly offered security or registered investment company security), such as Units, the interests of the ERISA Plan or IRA include its investment and th e unde rl ying assets (as opposed to Units alone, for example) of the entity unless an exception is available. The Plan Asset Rule contains two exceptions to this look - through treatment:  (i) if the entity is an “operating company”; and (ii) if the equity participa tion by “benefit plan investors” in the entity is not “significant” . T he Company will not be registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act and Units in the Company will not be publicly offered securities. T he Plan Asset Regulations provide that  an “operating company” is   an entity that is primarily  engaged directly or through a majority - owned subsidiary or subsidiaries, in the production or sale of a  product or service other than the investment of capital.  The Company may qualify as an operating company.  In addition, the Plan Asset Regulations provide that the term “operating company” includes an  entity which is a “real estate operating company” or a “venture capital operating company” as these terms  are defined in the Plan Asset Regulations.   An entity is a “real estate operating company”, or a “REOC”, if:  (i) on its “initial valuation date”  and on at least one day within each “annual valuation period” at least 50% of its assets valued at cost (other  than short - term investments pending long - te rm commitment or distribution to investors) is invested in real  estate which is managed or developed and with respect to which such entity has the right to substantially  participate directly in management or development activities; and (ii) such entity in  the ordinary course of  its business is engaged directly in real estate management and development activities.  There are examples  in the Plan Asset Regulations which make clear that these management and development activities of an  entity may be carried out by independent contractors under certain circumstances.   The Plan Asset Regulations also define the terms “initial valuation date” and “annual valuation  period”.  An “initial valuation date” is the date on which an entity first makes an investment that is not a  short - term investment of funds pending long - term co mmitment.  An entity’s “annual valuation period” is a  pre- established period, not exceeding 90 days in duration, which begins no later than the anniversary of an  entity’s initial valuation date.   54   An entity is a “venture capital operating company”, or a “VCOC”, if:  (i) on its “initial valuation  date” and on at least one day within each “annual valuation period” at least 50% of its assets valued at cost  (other than short - term investments pending lon g- term commitment or distribution to investors) are invested  in “venture capital investments”; and (ii) such entity, in the ordinary course of its business, actually  exercises certain “management rights” with respect to one or more of the operating companies in which it  invests.  A “venture capital investment” is an investment in an “operating company” (other than another  VCOC) as to which the investor has or obtains “management rights.  “Management rights” is defined to  mean “contractual rights directly be tween the investor and an operating company to substantially participate  in, or substantially influence the conduct of, the management of the operating company.”   Alternatively, the assets of an entity will not be treated as “plan assets” under the Plan Asset Rule  if the equity investment by benefit plan investors is not significant.  Benefit plan investment is not  significant and, accordingly, the assets of an entity will not be treated as “plan assets” under the Plan Asset  Rule if, immediately after the most recent acquisition of any equity interest in the entity, less than 25% of  the total value of each class of equity interests in the entity is held by “benefit plan investors”, excluding  interests held by persons (other than benefit plan investors) with discretionary authority or control over the  assets of the entity or who provide investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets,  and a ny affiliates thereof.  For purposes of this 25% test, the term “benefit plan investor” includes:  (i) any  ERISA Plan; (ii) any IRA; and (iii) any entity whose underlying assets include “plan assets” by reason of  the investment by an ERISA Plan or IRA in such entity ( e.g ., an entity of which 25% or more of the value  of any class of equity interests is held by “benefit plan investors” and which does not satisfy any other  exception under the Plan Asset Rule).  An entity will be considered a benefit plan investor only to the   extent  of the percentage of its equity interests are held by benefit plan investors.     T he Company will not be registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act and Units in  the Company will not be publicly offered securities.   At  this time, the Manager intends to use reasonable efforts to preclude the Company’s assets from  being deemed to be “plan assets,” by either forming and operating the Company so that the equity  participation by benefit plan investors in the Company is not   “significant” as calculated under the Plan  Asset Rule, or forming and operating the Company as a REOC or a VCOC.  To that end, the Manager  reserves the right to decline any investment or to reduce or restrict any Capital Contribution by a Benefit  Plan Inv estor, or to decline to make any investment for the Company, or to take any other steps the Manager  deems necessary, including redeeming all or some part of Units of a Benefit Plan Investor.  Nevertheless,  it is possible that the Company may be operated in   the future such that its assets may consist of “plan  assets”, and a Benefit Plan Investor should consider such possibility in making its decision to invest in the  Company.   I f the Company fails to satisfy any exception to look - through treatment under the Plan Asset Rule,  then the Company will be deemed to have “plan assets”, and the Manager or any other entity would be an  ERISA fiduciary and a party in interest with respect t o ERISA Plans invested in the Company and a  fiduciary and a disqualified person for purposes of Section 4975 of the Code with respect to IRAs invested  in the Company to the extent that the Manager or such other entity has any discretion over the Company.  Management and control of “plan assets” resides with the ERISA Plan’s trustee unless the ERISA Plan  specifies a named fiduciary or the authority to manage, acquire or dispose of the assets is delegated to an  investment manager, within the meaning of Section 3(38) of ERISA, that must be a registered investment  adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the “A dvisers Act ”) or state law.  The  Manager is not currently registered under the Advisers Act or state law and does not currently inte nd to  register in the future.  Payment of compensation and fees by plans to a party in interest or disqualified  person must satisfy the statutory exemptions under ERISA and Code prohibited transaction rules that permit  reasonable compensation to be paid fo r necessary services.  See 29 C.F.R. Section 2550.408b - 2.  The  55   Manager’s compensation may or may not satisfy these requirements and may present other conflicting  interests.   If t he  assets of a Company are considered “plan assets”, each transaction that the Company enters  into will be treated as a transaction of each ERISA Plan and IRA invested in the Company, which, in turn,  creates a risk that many transactions that the Company ente rs into in the ordinary course of its business  could constitute a non - exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA and the Code.  To the extent that the  underlying assets of the Company constitute “plan assets” and to the extent required, the Manager intends  to try to operate the Company in compliance with any exemptions to the prohibited transaction rules of  ERISA and/or the Code that may be available to it, including Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section  4975(d)(20) of the Code.  However, available exemptions may be limited or even unavailable at times for  transactions of the Company.     R egardless of whether the assets of the Company would be considered “plan assets,” the  acquisition, holding or redemption of Units on behalf of an ERISA Plan or IRA could still be considered to  give rise to a prohibited transaction if the Company is or becomes a party in interest or disqualified person  with respect to a Benefit Plan Member, or if a subsequent transfer of Units is made between a Benefit Plan  Member and a party in interest or disqualified person, unless an exemption applies.  In that case, one or  more exemptions from the prohibited transaction rules could be applicable to the acquisition and holding  of Units.     B ecause of the complexity of the prohibited transaction rules and the relevant exemptions, as well  as the penalties imposed on prohibited transactions, before purchasing Units in reliance on an exemption,  a fiduciary of a Benefit Plan Member should confirm   that all applicable requirements would be satisfied.  Any Benefit Plan Member fiduciary considering the purchase of Units should consult with its counsel with  respect to the potential applicability of ERISA and the Code to such investment.  Violations of  these rules  may result in the imposition of excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and/or the Code.  D eemed Representations by Plans and Plan Fiduciaries   ER ISA Plans and fiduciaries of ERISA Plans that invest in the Company will, by investing, be  deemed to have represented that they have been informed of and understand the Company’s investment  objective, policies and strategy, and that such investment is:   (i) permitted under the governing benefit plan  instruments; (ii) appropriate for the benefit plan in view of its overall investment policy and the composition  and diversification of the ERISA Plan’s portfolio; (iii) consistent with the applicable requireme nts of  ERISA and the Code; and (iv) to the extent necessary, eligible for exemption from the applicable prohibited  transaction restrictions of ERISA and the Code.     T he fiduciaries for IRAs investing in the Company will likewise, by investing, be deemed to have  represented that they have been informed of and understand the Company’s investment objective, policies  and strategy, and that such investment is:  (i) permitt ed under the governing benefit plan instruments; (ii)  consistent with the applicable requirements of the Code; and (iii) to the extent necessary, eligible for  exemption from the applicable prohibited transaction restrictions of ERISA and the Code.     Ad ditionally, all Benefit Plan Members will be required to agree to provide the Manager all  information that is or becomes necessary for compliance with ERISA and/or the Code and represent that  this information is accurate and complete and will be promptly   updated to the extent any of the information  changes.      56   PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION AND RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER   Units offered hereby are issued by the Company.  Units are securities that, according to applicable  United States federal and state securities laws, must be registered under the 1933 Act and under applicable  state securities laws, unless an exemption is av ailable.   Units offered hereby are issued without registration under the 1933 Act, and applicable state  securities laws, in reliance upon the exemptions contained in Regulation D and exemptions from  registration under applicable United States state securities laws.    Therefore, none of the Interests can be  re - offered or resold unless they are subsequently registered under the 1933 Act and any other applicable  state securities laws or an exemption from registration is available under the 1933 Act or such other laws.  I n   addition, any transfer of Interests is also subject to restrictions set forth in the Operating Agreement, as  applicable, including the requirement that any purported transfer requires the Manager’s approval, which  approval may be withheld for any or no re ason.     To qualify for the exemption under Regulation D, each Member must represent that it is acquiring  its Units with the intent of holding them for investment for its own account and without the intent or a view  to participating directly or indirectly in, or fo r resale in connection with, any distribution of such Units  within the meaning of the 1933 Act, and that it does not intend to divide its participation with others, or to  resell, assign or otherwise dispose of all or any part of its Units.  In making such  a representation, each  Member must acknowledge that it realizes that an acquisition of Units with an intent to resell by reason of  any foreseeable specific contingency, some predetermined event or an anticipated change in market value,  or in the condition  of the Company, could be deemed to be a purchase with an intent inconsistent with the  foregoing representation, and that the SEC or a court might regard such a disposition as a sale for which  the exemption under which Units have been acquired by such Membe r is not available.   By participating in the Offering, subscribers acknowledge that they have been advised of, and that  they understand, the import of applicable United States federal and state securities laws, and that no public  market exists or is expected to exist for the r esale of Units, even if such transfers are permitted under the  Operating Agreement (which contains independent restrictions on the transfer of Units) and under  applicable securities laws.   Regulation D requires that each prospective  investor   be given an opportunity to ask questions of,  and receive answers from, the Manager or any person acting on its behalf concerning the terms and  conditions of this Offering and to obtain any additional information, to the extent the Manager possess such  info rmation or can acquire it without unreasonable effort or expense, necessary to verify the accuracy of  the information contained in this Memorandum.  Furthermore, there are or will be various documents  co nnected with the business of the Company.  All such documents, if not included with this Memorandum,  are or will be available for inspection and copying by any prospective  investor   at the address set forth at  the end of this Memorandum.   If a prospective  investor   has any questions whatsoever regarding this Offering, or desires any  additional information or documents to verify or supplement the information contained in this  Memorandum, such investor should write or call the Manager at the address on the cover page o f this  Memorandum.   The Operating Agreement contains, and the Subscription Agreement will contain, language  referring to the  foregoing restrictions, and the Manager will not affect any transfer of Units except as  permitted by such restrictions.   PROCEDURES TO SUBSCRIBE     57   Prospective  investors   that are considering participation in the Offering are urged to carefully consider the  information set forth in this Memorandum, and to make such other inquiries and investigations as they may  deem appropriate.  If after such reading, consideration, and fu rther inquiry a prospective  investor   decides  to participate in the Offering, such prospective  investor   should follow the procedures set forth below.   Eligible Investors.   An investment in the Company is suitable only for investors of substantial financial means who have no  need for liquidity in this investment.  The Company intends to sell Units to Eligible Investors.  Eligible  Investors are persons who are “accredited inve stors” (as defined by Rule 501 under the 1933 Act) that the  Company has taken reasonable steps to verify as accredited investors in accordance with Rule 506(c) under  the 1933 Act.    The Company reserves the right to reject subscriptions in its discretion.  Each investor will be required to  represent that such investor’s overall commitment to investments which are not readily marketable is not  disproportionate to such investor’s net wo rth, and that such investor’s acquisition of Units will not cause  such investor’s overall commitment to become excessive; that such  investor   can sustain a complete loss of  such   investor’s   investment in the Company and has no need for liquidity in such inve stor’s investment in  the Company; and that such investor has evaluated the risks of investing in the Company.   Each prospective  investor   should have  adequate means of providing for its current needs and possible  contingencies and should have no need for liquidity in this investment.  An investor should be able to bear the  economic risks of an investment in the Company for an indefinite period and shoul d have the capacity to protect  its own interest in connection with such an investment.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may sell  Units to any potential investor, including non - accredited investors, to the extent permitted by applicable law.   Verification of   “Accredited Investor” Status.     In order to invest in the Offering, each prospective investor will be required to provide information  to the  Company   (or, if applicable, the third - party service provider engaged by the  Company   to verify  accredited investor status of the prospective investors) as part of reasonable steps taken by the  Company   to  verify such prospective investor’s accredited investor status.  The  Company   may engage a third - party  service provider to take reasonable steps on its behalf to verify that the prospective investors ar e accredited  investors and provide the  Company   with written confirmation of such status in accordance with Rule 506(c)  of Regulation D under the 1933 Act.  Prospective investors may be required to provide any or all of the  following documentation to the  Company   (or, if applicable, the third - party service provider engaged by the  Company   to verify accredited investor status of the prospective investors) to satisfy  the  Company ’s   verification obligations pursuant to Rule 506(c) of Regul ation D under the  1933 Ac t:    (i)   in regard to whether the  prospective investor   is an accredited investor on the basis of  income, an Internal Revenue Service form that re ports the prospective investor’ s income  for the two most recent years (including, but not limited to, Form W - 2, Form 1099,  Schedule K - 1 to Form 1065, and Form 1040) and a written representation from the  prospective  investor   that  the prospective investor   has a reasonable expectation of reaching  the income level necessary to qualify as an accredited investor during the current year;   (ii)   in regard to whether the  prospective investor   is an accredited investor on the basis of net  worth, a written representation from the  prospective investor   that all liabilities necessary  to make a determination of net worth have been disclosed to the  Company   and the  following types of documentation dated within the prior three months: (a) bank statements,  brokerage statements and other statements of securities holdings, certificates of deposit,    58   tax assessments, and appraisal reports issued by independent third parties, and (b) a  consumer report from at least one of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies; or   (iii)   a written confirmation from:  (a) a registered broker dealer, (b) an investment adviser  registered with the SEC, (c) a licensed attorney in good standing under the laws of the  jurisdictions in which he or she is admitted to practice law ;   or (d) a certified public  accountant duly registered and in good standing under the laws of the place of his or her  residence or principal office, which states that  such person   has taken reasonable steps to  verify that the prospective  investor   is an accredited investor with in the prior three months  and has determined that such purchaser is an accredited investor.   Where the  Company   (or the third - party service provider engaged by the  Company , if applicable)  determines, in its sole discretion, that it has reason to question the prospective  investor’s   claim to be an  accredited investor after reviewing any of the above documents, the  Company   (or the third - party service  provider engaged by the  Company , if applicable)  will   take additional verification measures in order to  establish that it has taken reasonable steps to verify that the  prospective investor   is an accredited  investor  and, accordingly, may require that the prospective investor provide the  Company   with additional  information in order to invest in the Offering.    How to Subscribe .   In order to subscribe to participate in the Offering, prospective  investors   should complete, execute and  return  the following documents included in the Company’s Subscription Booklet, attached as  Exhibit   C  .   (i)   Investor Questionnaire;   (ii)   Subscription Agreement; and    (iii)   Signature Page to the Operating Agreement.  (Please note that the Operating Agreement  contains certain covenants, warranties, promises and undertakings, all of which should be  carefully considered by the potential Member before execution.)   Investors should either: (i) electronically complete and execute the  Subscription Booklet   via   the Company  website at https://communecapital.com/fundvi   and pay the full purchase price of the subscribed Units   by  check, wire transfer, or electronic transfer via the Company website ;   or (ii) electronically complete and  execute the  Subscription Booklet   via   DocuSign   and pay the full purchase price of the subscribed Units via  wire transfer.    A subscription for participation in the Offering will not be deemed to be accepted until the Manager has  delivered   to the subscriber the completed  Subscription Agreement   that has been countersigned by the  Manager .   Upon acceptance of its Subscription Agreements by the Manager, a subscriber will become  subject to and bound by all of the terms and conditions of the Operating Agreement.   Prospective  i nvestors  whose subscriptions have been accepted by the  Manager   will be notified of their acceptance.   CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION   This Memorandum and all matters contained herein are confidential and proprietary.  Each person  receiving a copy hereof, by accepting such delivery, shall be deemed to have agreed not to disclose or use  any of the information herein contained except:  (i)  for purposes of evaluating an investment in the  Company; or (ii) as otherwise required by applicable law.     59   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION   Prospective investors should understand that the discussions and summaries of documents in this  Memorandum are not intended to be complete.  Such discussions and summaries are subject to and are  qualified in their entirety by reference to such documents.   The  Manager   will deliver to any prospective  i nvestor, upon request, a copy of any and all such documents.   The  Manager   will afford prospective investors and their purchaser representatives the opportunity  to ask questions and receive answers concerning the terms and conditions of the Offering and to obtain any  additional information which the  Manager   can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense.     US2008 20957395 2      EXHIBIT  A   OPERATING AGREEMENT   See attached.          EXHIBIT B   TARGET PROPERTIES   Below the  Manager has provided certain information regarding properties the Manager is currently  considering for investment by the Company (“ Target Properties Information ”).  The investment terms in  certain of the Target Properties are still being negotiated, and therefore, are subject to change.  Thus,  prospective investors are encouraged to review the Target Property Information in making the prospective  investor’s investment   decision, but the Company and the Manager cannot and do not guaranty the accuracy  or comple teness of the Target Properties Information.  Additional information about any Target Properties  may be available from the Manager upon request.   Additionally, there can be no guarantee that the Manager will ultimately cause the Company to acquire any  Target Property and the Company is not limited to investing in the Target Properties.  Even if a Target  Property is acquired, investors should underst and that their interest in such Property may become diluted  over time, to the extent the Company accepts additional investment and further expands its portfolio.   A. 6942 Baird Ave . , Reseda, CA   Ownership Structure   This Property will be owned through a joint venture arrangement  between the Company and a JV partner. The joint venture will be  controlled by the Company, and the Company will contribute a  majority of the capital.   Key Data   •   Targeted Equity Position of the Company:   $2,816,172   •   Targeted Total Equity Position of all Owners : $3,018,405   •   Current Debt : $597,000   •   Expected Debt:  $6,268,995   Property Summary:   The property has been acquired by the JV partner and will be  contributed to the joint venture at closing.   •   Units: 38   •   Rentable SF: 16,251   •   Construction Status: Plans have been submitted to the city for  plan check.    Development Plans:   This Property is a single - family residence located in Reseda, CA. The  existing structure will be demolished to construct a  38 - unit apartment  building.   Potential investors should understand that development plans for the  Property are:  (i) preliminary in nature; and (ii) based upon a number  of significant assumptions (including, without limitation, that  necessary financing and permitting and other approva ls will be  obtained).  Accordingly, potential investors should understand that any  actual development of the Property may change materially from the    descriptions above and that such changes may occur after the date of  sale of Interests in the Offering.   Development Agreement;  Compensation:   Development and General Contractor services   –   the JV partner will be  compensated 4% of the Property Development Budget, excluding costs  associated with the construction loan. Additionally, the Manager will  retain a general contractor affiliated with the JV partner on a cost - plus  contract, which wil l provide for a fee of up to 6% of the budgeted hard  costs of construction.   Property Management services   –   The Manager will retain the JV  partner to co - manage the Property with a third - party property  management company. The third - party property management company  will be responsible for leasing, tenant management, compliance and  administrative tasks associat ed with the applicable Property, and its fee  will be negotiated at arms - length. The JV partner will be responsible  for overseeing the third - party property manager, as well as managing  property maintenance, and will receive a fee of 2% of the revenues of  th e property.   Property Manager:   TBD           B. 10910 W Huston St., North Hollywood, CA   Ownership Structure   This Property will be owned through a joint venture arrangement  between the Company and a JV partner. The joint venture will be  controlled by the Company, and the Company will contribute a  majority of the capital.   Key Data   •   Targeted Equity Position of  the Company:   $2,993,904   •   Targeted Total Equity Position of all Owners : $3,207,754   •   Current Debt : $834,000   •   Expected Debt:  $6,662,258   Property Summary:   The property has been acquired by the JV partner and will be  contributed to the joint venture at  closing.   •   Units: 37   •   Rentable SF: 16,317   •   Construction Status: Plans have been submitted to the city for  plan check.    Development Plans:   This Property is vacant land located in North Hollywood, CA, on  which we plan to construct a 37 - unit apartment  building.   Potential investors should understand that development plans for the  Property are:  (i) preliminary in nature; and (ii) based upon a number  of significant assumptions (including, without limitation, that  necessary financing and permitting and other approva ls will be  obtained).  Accordingly, potential investors should understand that any  actual development of the Property may change materially from the  descriptions above and that such changes may occur after the date of  sale of Interests in the Offering.   Development Agreement;  Compensation:   Development and General Contractor services   –   the JV partner will be  compensated 4% of the Property Development Budget, excluding costs  associated with the construction loan. Additionally, the Manager will  retain a general contractor affiliated with the JV partner on a cost - plus  contract, which wil l provide for a fee of up to 6% of the budgeted hard  costs of construction.   Property Management services   –   The Manager will retain the JV  partner to co - manage the Property with a third - party property  management company. The third - party property management company  will be responsible for leasing, tenant management, compliance and  administrative tasks associat ed with the applicable Property, and its fee  will be negotiated at arms - length. The JV partner will be responsible  for overseeing the third - party property manager, as well as managing    property maintenance, and will receive a fee of 2% of the revenues of  the property.   Property Manager:   TBD           C. 18337  Kittridge St . , Reseda, CA   Ownership Structure   This Property will be owned through a joint venture arrangement  between the Company and a JV partner. The joint venture will be  controlled by the Company, and the Company will contribute a  majority of the capital.   Key Data   •   Targeted Equity Position of the Company:   $3,267,189   •   Targeted Total Equity Position of all Owners : $3,500,560   •   Current Debt : $637,500     •   Expected Debt:  $7,270,394   Property Summary:   The property has been acquired by the JV partner and will be  contributed to the joint venture at closing.   •   Units: 42   •   Rentable SF: 19,155   •   Construction Status: Plans have been submitted to the city for  plan check.   Development Plans:   This Property is a single - family residence located in Reseda, CA. The  existing  structure will be demolished to construct a 42 - unit apartment  building.   Potential investors should understand that development plans for the  Property are:  (i) preliminary in nature; and (ii) based upon a number  of significant assumptions (including, without limitation, that  necessary financing and permitting and other approva ls will be  obtained).  Accordingly, potential investors should understand that any  actual development of the Property may change materially from the  descriptions above and that such changes may occur after the date of  sale of Interests in the Offering.   Development Agreement;  Compensation:   Development and General Contractor services   –   the JV partner will be  compensated 4% of the Property Development Budget, excluding costs  associated with the construction loan. Additionally, the Manager will  retain a general contractor affiliated with the JV partner on a cost - plus  contract, which wil l provide for a fee of up to 6% of the budgeted hard  costs of construction.   Property Management services   –   The Manager will retain the JV  partner to co - manage the Property with a third - party property  management company. The third - party property management company  will be responsible for leasing, tenant management, compliance and  administrative tasks associat ed with the applicable Property, and its fee  will be negotiated at arms - length. The JV partner will be responsible  for overseeing the third - party property manager, as well as managing    property maintenance, and will receive a fee of 2% of the revenues of  the property.   Property Manager:   TBD           EXHIBIT   C    SUBSCRIPTION BOOKLET   See attached.   Page  1  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   COMMUNE FUND VI, LLC  A D elaware Limited Liability Company  SUBSCRIPTION BOOKLET  This Subscription Booklet contain s a Subscription Agreement and  other investor documents for use only in  connection with the private offering being made by Commune Fund  VI, LLC (the “Compa ny”), to Eligible  Investors pursuant to a Confidential Private Placement Memorand um, as the same may be amended from  time to time (the “Memorandum”).    This Subscription Booklet must not be used unless it is accompa nied by a copy of the Memorandum.   Nothing in this Subscription Booklet constitutes or will be dee med to constitute an offer to sell or the  solicitation of an offer to purchase securities.  An offer to invest in the Company may be made only by  means of the Memorandum and only to the person to whom such Let ter is actually delivered.  References  in this Subscription Booklet to any “Investor” refer only to po tential or prospective investors in the  Company, and will not constitute or be deemed to constitute any  person as an investor in the Company,  unless and until such person is specifically accepted as a member in the Company.  Page  2  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   SUBSCR IPTION CONTENTS  COMMUNE FUND VI, LLC  I N V E S T O R   Q U E S T I O N N A I R E   P a g e s     3   ‐   3 2   A c c o u n t   I n f o r m a t i o n   P a g e     5    C  o n t a c t   I n f o r m a t i o n   P a g e     7   N o n   “ B a d   A c t o r ”    C  e r t i f i c a t i o n   P a g e   1 5    C  e r t i f i c a t i o n   o f   U n d e r s t a n d i n g   P a g e   1 8   R e p r e s e n t a t i o n   o f   R e s i d e n c e   P a g e   1 9   B e n e f i t   P l a n   I n v e s t o r s   P a g e   2 0   Anti‐Money Laundering/Verification of Identity    Page  22  Notice of Consent for Electronic Delivery of Company  M a t e r i a l s   P a g e   2 4   S i g n a t u r e   P a g e   P a g e   2 5   E x h i b i t s   A   –    C    P a g e s   2 6   ‐   3 1   S U B S  C  R I P T I O N   A  G  R E E M E N T   P a g e s   3 2   –   4 7   SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY   C  O M P A N Y   A  G  R E E M E N T   P a g e   4 8   3 RD  PARTY CERTIFICATION OF ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS  Page  51  Payment  Follow instructions on “funding” section of portal  following completions of subscription document.  Questions   Please direct questions regarding your potential  investment in the Company by calling 805‐367‐ 3246.  If completing subscription documents outside of Investor Portal , please print and/or type all information.  The completed subscription bookle t should be returned in its en tirety to the manager at the address below:  Commune Fund VI Management, LLC  31248 Oak Crest Drive, Suite 100  Westlake Village, CA 91361 Page  3  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   INVESTO R QUESTIONNAIRE  (PAGES 3 ‐ 32)  Page  4  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   COMM UNE FUND VI, LLC  ELIGIBLE INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE  ALL INFORMATION FURNISHED IS FOR  THE SOLE USE OF THE COMPANY AN D ITS COUNSEL FOR PURPOSES  OF DETERMINING THE ELIGIBILITY OF  THE INVESTOR TO PURCHASE UNIT S OF THE COMPANY (THE  “UNITS”).  THIS QUESTIONNAIRE WILL BE HELD IN CONFIDENCE BY THE  COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL,  EXCEPT THAT THIS QUESTIONNAIRE MAY BE FURNISHED TO SUCH PARTIES AS THE COMPANY OR ITS  COUNSEL DEEM NECESSARY TO ESTABLISH COMPLIANCE WITH FEDERAL OR  STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR  TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY LAW.  The Units being offered by the Company are not registered under  the Securities Act of 1933, as amended  (the “1933 Act”), in reliance upon  certain exemptions from regi stration provided by the 1933 Act and  regulations promulgated thereunder.  In addition, the Company w ill not register under the Investment  Company Act of 1940, as amended  (the “1940 Act”), either becaus e it does not fall within the definition of  an “investment company” or in reliance upon certain exemptions  and/or exceptions from registration  provided by the 1940 Act.  Specif ically, the Company intends to  limit the purchase of Units to persons who  are “accredited investors,” as such term is defined in Rule 501  under Regulation D adopted under the 1933  Act. Notwithstanding the foregoi ng, the Company may sell Units  to any Investor in compliance with  applicable law.    In order to obtain the facts needed to determine whether the Co mpany may accept an Investor’s  i n v e s t m e n t ,  i t  i s  n e c e s s a r y  f o r  t h e  I n v e s t o r  t o  c o m p l e t e  t h i s  E ligible  Investor  Questionnaire.    The  questionnaire should be signed, dated and forwarded to Commune  Fund VI Management, LLC (the  “Manager”) at the address liste d in the instruction above.   PLEASE ANSWER ALL QUESTION S IN THE ELIGIBLE INVESTOR  QUESTIONNAIRE OR WRITE “N/A” IF NOT APPLICABLE  Page  5  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   ACCOUNT INFO RMATION  P lease choose a legal entity type (fill in from selection below)  __________________________   Individu al  Joint Tenan ts With Rights of Survivorship  Revocable Trust  (include entity docs and  complete Exhibit A‐2)  Irrevocable Tr ust  401K  IRA  Partn ership  (include entity docs and complete Exhibit A‐1)  LLC  (include entity docs and  complete Exhibit A‐4)  S‐Corp  (include entity docs and complete Exhibit A‐3)  C‐Corp  (include entity docs and complete Exhibit A‐3) If investing under a trust/entity , please complet e the form cor responding to your entity type in Exhibit A  Entity Name  (Trust or Business Account Only)  __________________________  Commencement Date  (Trust or Business Account Only)   __________________________  Stated Created  (Trust or Business Account Only)  __________________________  Did partner/officer/shareholder agreement commence on  ________ __________________  date that differs from when the business started  ( B u s i n e s s   A c c o u n t   O n l y )   If Yes, date: ________________   State of Incorporation  (Business Account Only)  __________________________  S o c i a l   S e c u r i t y   /   T a x   I D   #   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Primary Contact  (First/Last Name)   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Page  6  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   Ac count Address  (Physical)   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Mailing Address  (If Different Than Physical)  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  E n t i t y   f o r m e d   s p e c i f i c a l l y   f o r   t h e   p u r p o s e   o f   i n v e s t i n g   In the Company?  (Trust or Business Account Only)  Investor consents to receiving statements, reports and other  communications relating to the Co mpany and/or Investor’s invest ment  In the Company via email from  the Manager and the Company.  By checking “Yes” on the immediate item above, you acknowledge that emails from the Manager, the  Company, and/or the Company’s service providers may be accessed by recipients other than you and may  be interfered with, may contain  computer viruses or other defec ts and may not be successfully replicated on  other systems.  None of the Manager, the Company, or the Compan y’s service providers gives any warranties  in relation to these matters.  If you have any doubts about the  authenticity of an email purportedly sent by  the Manager, the Company, or the Company’s service providers, p lease contact the purported sender  immediately.  Entity Documents  ( B u s i n e s s   A c c o u n t   O n l y )   [ A t t a c h   F i l e   B u t t o n ]   Copy of entity’s articles of o rganization, certificate of   Information, charter or similar organization documentation  Filed with the jurisdiction in  which the entity is organized  [END OF ACCOUNT INFORMATION SECTION]  Yes  No  Yes  No  Page  7  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   CONTACT INFO RMATION   (For Individual/Joint Tenants/Trustee/Business Owner >25%)  N u m b e r   o f    C  o n t a c t s   A s s o c i a t e d   t o   A c c o u n t      _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  (Number of Owners/Joint Tenants, Trustees and/or Beneficial Own ers >25%  *Beneficial Owners includes busin ess owners with greater than 2 5%  interest in the business entity. Profile  must be completed for each contact associated with the account. A total of four (4) is provided for in  this document. If additional contacts are needed please complete the first four on this form and we will  provide you with additional docume ntation to complete the remai nder  Contact #1  N a m e   /   B e n e f i c i a l   O w n e r   /   T r u s t e e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Title  ( T r u s t   o r   B u s i n e s s   A c c o u n t   O n l y )   __________________________  ( T r u s t e e ,   M e m b e r ,   P a r t n e r   E t c . )    C  u r r e n t   A d d r e s s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  P r i o r   A d d r e s s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  (Only required if at current  address less than five years)   __________________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  S o c i a l   S e c u r i t y   N u m b e r   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  P r i m a r y   P h o n e   N u m b e r   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Page  8  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   D a t e   o f   B i r t h   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  E ‐ M a i l   A d d r e s s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  E m p l o y e r   N a m e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  E m p l o y e r   A d d r e s s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  O c c u p a t i o n   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  M a r i t a l   S t a t u s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________   C  o u n t r y /  C  o u n t r i e s   o f    C  i t i z e n s h i p _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Identification  ( P l e a s e   a t t a c h )   [ A t t a c h   F i l e   B u t t o n ]   Page  9  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   CONTACT INFO RMATION CONTINUED  (For Individual/Joint Tenants/Trustee/Beneficial Owner >25%)  Contact #2  (if applicable)   N a m e   /   B e n e f i c i a l   O w n e r   /   T r u s t e e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Title  ( T r u s t   o r   B u s i n e s s   A c c o u n t   O n l y )   __________________________  ( T r u s t e e ,   M e m b e r ,   P a r t n e r   E t c . )    C  u r r e n t   A d d r e s s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  P r i o r   A d d r e s s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  (Only required if at current  address less than five years)   __________________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  S o c i a l   S e c u r i t y   N u m b e r   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  P r i m a r y   P h o n e   N u m b e r   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  D a t e   o f   B i r t h   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  E ‐ M a i l   A d d r e s s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Page  10  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   E m p l o y e r   N a m e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  E m p l o y e r   A d d r e s s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  O c c u p a t i o n   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  M a r i t a l   S t a t u s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________   C  o u n t r y /  C  o u n t r i e s   o f    C  i t i z e n s h i p _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Identification  ( P l e a s e   a t t a c h )   [ A t t a c h   F i l e   B u t t o n ]   Page  11  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   CONTACT INFO RMATION CONTINUED  (For Individual/Joint Tenants/Trustee/Beneficial Owner >25%)  Contact #3  (if applicable)   N a m e   /   B e n e f i c i a l   O w n e r   /   T r u s t e e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Title  ( T r u s t   o r   B u s i n e s s   A c c o u n t   O n l y )   __________________________  ( T r u s t e e ,   M e m b e r ,   P a r t n e r   E t c . )    C  u r r e n t   A d d r e s s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  P r i o r   A d d r e s s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  (Only required if at current  address less than five years)   __________________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  S o c i a l   S e c u r i t y   N u m b e r   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  P r i m a r y   P h o n e   N u m b e r   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  D a t e   o f   B i r t h   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  E ‐ M a i l   A d d r e s s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Page  12  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   E m p l o y e r   N a m e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  E m p l o y e r   A d d r e s s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  O c c u p a t i o n   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  M a r i t a l   S t a t u s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________   C  o u n t r y /  C  o u n t r i e s   o f    C  i t i z e n s h i p _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Identification  ( P l e a s e   a t t a c h )   [ A t t a c h   F i l e   B u t t o n ]   Page  13  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   CONTACT INFO RMATION CONTINUED  (For Individual/Joint Tenants/Trustee/Beneficial Owner >25%)  Contact #4  (if applicable)   N a m e   /   B e n e f i c i a l   O w n e r   /   T r u s t e e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Title  ( T r u s t   o r   B u s i n e s s   A c c o u n t   O n l y )   __________________________  ( T r u s t e e ,   M e m b e r ,   P a r t n e r   E t c . )    C  u r r e n t   A d d r e s s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  P r i o r   A d d r e s s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  (Only required if at current  address less than five years)   __________________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  S o c i a l   S e c u r i t y   N u m b e r   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  P r i m a r y   P h o n e   N u m b e r   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  D a t e   o f   B i r t h   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  E ‐ M a i l   A d d r e s s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Page  14  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   E m p l o y e r   N a m e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  E m p l o y e r   A d d r e s s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  O c c u p a t i o n   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  M a r i t a l   S t a t u s   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________   C  o u n t r y /  C  o u n t r i e s   o f    C  i t i z e n s h i p _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Identification  ( P l e a s e   a t t a c h )   [ A t t a c h   F i l e   B u t t o n ]   [END OF CONTACT INFORMATION SECTION]  Page  15  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   NON  “BAD ACTOR” CERTIFICATION   Each prospective Investor must m ake the certifications, represe ntations and warranties in this Non “Bad  Actor”  Certification  (the  “Certification”)  in  order  to  help  the  C o m p a n y  d e t e r m i n e  i f  i t  c a n  r e l y  o n   exemptions from registration  under Rule 506 (“Rule 506”) of Reg ulation D under  the 1933 Act.  The Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) has adopted  rules in connection with Section 926 of  the  Dodd‐Frank  Wall  Street  Reform  and  Consumer  Protection  Act  t hat  impose  additional  reporting  requirements on the Company and can adversely affect the Compan y’s ability to rely on exemptions from  registration under Rule 506.  Gen erally, these ru les disqualify  securities offerings in which certain felons  and other “bad actors” (“Covered Persons”) are involved from re lying on the registration exemptions under  Rule 506.  Covered Persons include , among others, certain signi ficant investors in the Company that are  involved with a disqualifying trigger event.  The rules provide  that the disqualification does not apply when  the Company can show that it did not know, and in the exercise  of reasonable care, could not have known  that a Covered Person with a disqualifying trigger event partic ipated in the offering.  In addition, the  disqualification applies only for disqualifying trigger events  that occur after September 23, 2013, but  requires the Company to disclo se disqualifying trigger events t hat existed before S eptember 23, 2013.  If the Investor is a corporation, partnership, limited liabilit y company, trust or any other entity or nominee  for another person, the person c ompleting this Certification wi th respect to the Investor must be a person  authorized to represent the beneficial owner(s) of the Investor , or a bank, foreign bank, broker‐dealer,  investment adviser or other conduit acting on behalf of the ben eficial owner(s) of the Investor.  The Investor hereby certifies and represents that, as of the da te set forth below, none of the following  disqualifying trigger events is true of the Investor:   The Investor has been convicted, within the past ten years, of  any felony or misdemeanor o In connection with the purchase or sale of any securit y; o Involving the making of any fa lse  filing with the SEC; or o Arising out of the conduct of the business of an underwriter, b roker, dealer, municipal securities dealer, investment adviser or paid solicitor of purc hasers of securities ;  T he Investor is subject to any o rder, judgment or decree of any  court of competent jurisdiction, entered within the past five years that restrains or enjoins th e Investor from engaging or continuing to engage in any conduct or practice: o In connection with the purchase or sale of any securit y; o Involving the making of any fa lse  filing with the SEC; or o Arising out of the conduct of the business of an underwriter, b roker, dealer, municipal securities dealer, investment adviser or paid solicitor of purc hasers of securities ;  T he Investor is subject to a final order of a state securities  commission (or an agency or officer of a state performing like functions) ; a state authority that superv ises or examines banks, savings associations, or credit unions; a  state insurance commission (o r an agency or officer of a state performing like functions); an appropriate federal banking agen cy; the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission; or the National Credit Union Administration  that: Page  16  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   o Bars th e Investor from:  Association with an entity regul ated by such commission, author ity, agency, o r officer;  Engaging in t he business of secur ities, insurance or banking; o r  Engaging in s avings association  or credit union activities; or o Constitutes a final order based on a violation of any law or regulation that prohibit s fraudulen t, manipulative, or deceptive conduct entered within t he past ten years;  The Investor is subject to an order of the SEC entered pursuant  to Section 15(b) or 15B(c) of the 1934 Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(b) or 78o‐4(c)) or Section 203(e) or (f) of the Advisers Act (15 U.S.C. 80b‐ 3(e) or (f)) that: o Suspends  or revokes th e Investor’s registration as a broker, de aler, municipal se curities dea ler or investment adviser; o Places limitations on the activities, functions or operations o f the Investor; or o B ars the Investor from being associated with any entity or from  participating in the offering of any penny stock;  The Investor is subject to any order of the SEC entered within  the past five years that orders th e Investor  to cease and desist fro m committing or causing a viola tion or future violation o f: o Any  scienter‐based anti‐fraud provision of the federal securiti es laws, including without limitation Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act (15 U.S.C. 77 q(a)(1)), Section 10(b) of the 1934 Act (15 U.S.C. 78j(b)) and 17 CFR 240.10b‐5, Section 15(c) (1) of the 1934 Act  (15 U.S.C.  78o(c)(1)) and Section 206(1) of the Advisers Act (15 U. S.C. 80b‐6(1)), or any  other rule or r egulation thereunder; or o Section 5 of the Securitie s Act (15 U.S.C. 77e).  The  Investor  is  suspended  or  expelled  from  membership  in,  or  su spended  or  barred  from association with a member of, a registered national securities  exchange or a registered national or affiliated securities association for any act or omission to ac t constituting conduct inconsistent with just and equitable principles of trade;  The Investor has filed (as a registrant or issuer), or was or w as named as an underwriter in, any registration statement or Regulation A offering statement filed  with the SEC that, within the past five years, was the subject of a  refusal order, stop order, or  order suspending the Regulation  A exempt ion, or is currently the subject of an investigation or p roceeding to determine whether a stop order or susp ension order should be issued; or  The Investor is subject to a United States Postal Service false  representation order entered within the past five years, or is currently subject to a temporary res tra ining order or preliminary injunction with respect to conduct alleged by the United States Postal Ser vice to constitute a scheme or device  for obtaining money or property  through the mail by means of fa lse representations. The Investor acknowledges and recognizes that the matters set forth in this Certification are being relied  upon by the Company and Manager in connection with its reliance  upon exemptions  under Rule 506.  Page  17  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   T he Investor hereby represents and warrants that the informatio n provided in this Certification is true and  accurate as of the date hereof; acknowledges and agrees that th is Certification is a co ntinuing certification  as long as the Investor has any ownership in the Company; and p romises and agrees to promptly notify the  Company in writing should there be any change in the information set forth therein.  If the Investor is unable to make the foregoing Certification,  please contact the Company immediately.  Certification for Individual Investor  Signature  _____________ _____________  Name  __________________________   C  e r t i f i c a t i o n   f o r   E n t i t y   I n v e s t o r   S i g n a t u r e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  E n t i t y   N a m e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  S i g n e r ’ s   N a m e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  T i t l e    _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  [END OF NON “BAD ACTOR”  CERTIFICATION SECTION]  Page  18  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   CERTIFICATION  OF UNDERSTANDING  THE  FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS TO B E PROVIDED BY INVESTORS WHO AR E INDIVIDUALS, OR BY THE  PERSON MAKING THE INVESTMENT DEC ISION ON BEHALF OF CORPORATIONS , PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS  OR OTHER ENTITIES.  Are you aware of the fact that you have the opportunity  to question a representative  of the Company about this   investment in the Units, the Company, the Company’s operations   and the Company’s methods of doing business?   Do you understand the merits a nd risks associated with an  investment in the Company?  Do you understand that there is  no guarantee of any financial  return on this investment in the Company?  Do you understand that there are significant restrictions upon  the transfer of Units and that y our ability to make withdrawals   from the Company will be limited?  Do you understand that you may purchase Units for investment   only, and not with a view to the sale or other distribution th ereof?  [END OF CERTIFICATION OF UNDERSTANDING]  Yes  No  Yes  No  Yes  No  Yes  No  Yes  No  Page  19  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   R EPRESENTATION OF RESIDENCE  T O VERIFY THE RESIDENCE OF THE I NVESTOR AND TO OBTAIN A WRITTEN  REPRESENTATION FROM EACH  INVESTOR AS TO SUCH INVESTOR’S LEGAL RESIDENCE, PLEASE COMPLETE  THE FOLLOWING.  1 ) I   a m   a   b o n a   f i d e   r e s i d e n t   o f  C  o u n t r y     __________________________  S t a t e / P r o v i n c e   __________________________  S i n c e     __________________________  Note: Corporations, trusts or ot her entities, should fill in th e country or state where th eir principal place of  business or executive offices is located.    2)If you m aintain a residence i n any coun try or Country   ___ _______________________  state other than that indicated in response to (1),  State/Provi nce  __________________________  p l e a s e   i n d i c a t e   w h e r e   S i n c e     __________________________   3)If applicab le, please com plete State Tax Ret urns Filed In  __________________________  S i n c e   __________________________  [END OF REPRESENTATION OF RESIDENCE]  Page  20  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   BE NEFIT PLAN INVESTORS  THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS TO BE PROVIDED SO THAT THE MANAGER  CAN DETERMINE THE  PERCENTAGE OF INVESTMENT IN THE  COMPANY THAT IS ALLOCABLE TO “B ENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS”  WITHIN THE MEANING OF 29 C.F.R. SECTION 3‐101 AND SECTION 3(42)  OF ERISA.  Only Benefit Plan Investors need to complete this section; all  other Investors may proceed to “ ANTI‐ MONEY LAUNDERING/VERIFICATION OF IDENTITY ”.  The Company may be structured so that the participation by “ben efit plan investors” (“ Benefit Plan  Investors ”) in the Company may at any time be “significant,” as those te rms are used in 29 C.F.R. Section  2510.3‐101(f), or any successor plan  asset regulation promulgat ed by the United States Department of  Labor, and Section 3(42) of  ERISA (collectively the “ Plan Asset Rule ”), although the Manager’s current  objective is to limit investment by Benefit Plan Investors so a s not to be significant under the Plan Asset  Rule. In order to carry out this objective, certain information  regarding ownership of Units by benefit plan  investors is necessary.  If you are a Benefit Plan Investor, you must check each of the  following boxes that applies and complete  the statement set forth next to the box.  To the extent that th e percentage of your interest attributable to  Benefit Plan Investors in you changes from the percentage indicated below, you hereby agree that you will  immediately inform the Company a nd provide current information  about the percentage of your interest  attributable to Benefit Plan Investors:  I am, or am acting on behalf of,  a Benefit Plan Investor, and it is (check all that apply):   An employee benefit plan subject to Part 4 of Title I of ERISA  (an “ERISA Pla n”).  An  individual retirement account, Keogh plan (covering only sel f‐employed individuals and their respective spouses), or other employee benefit plan not subject  to Title I of ERISA but to  which Section 4975 of the Code  applies (an “IRA”).  An  entity whose underlying asse ts are deemed to include “plan a ssets” under the Plan Asset  Rule and  the percentage of investment in such entity that is attribu table to investment of Benefit Plan Investors is ___% .  I  am, or am acting on behalf of, a state or national bank, trus t company, savings bank, or savings and loan association.  If so, I am investing assets of a collective or common trust fu nd, or other vehicle in whi ch a  Benefit Plan Investor has acquired or holds an interest.  The  percentage of investment in such common or collective trust fund or other vehicle that is a ttributable to investment of Benefit Plan Investors is ___%.  I am, or am acting on behalf of, an insurance company that is i nvesting assets of a separate account.  If so, the separate account is not a separate account that is m aintained solely in connection with fixed contractual obligations of the insurance company und er which amounts p ayable Page  21  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   o r credited to investors are not affected by investment perform ance, and percentage of  investment in such separate account that is attributable to inv estment of Benefit Plan  Investors is ___%.   I am, or am acting on behalf of, an insurance company that is i nvesting general account assets and the percentage of investment in such insurance company general  accounts that is attributable t o investm ent of Benefit Plan Investors is ___%.  I am, or am acting on behalf of an employee benefit plan other than a Benefit Plan Investor, that is subject to laws or regulations that are substantially similar t o Part 4 of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (“Similar Laws”). W hat type of plan is it (check an y that apply)?  A gov ernment plan.  A church plan.  Other   __________________________ [END OF BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS]  Page  22  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   ANTI‐MONE Y LAUNDERING/VERIFICATION OF IDENTITY  As part of the Company’s responsibility for the prevention of m oney laundering, the Company or the  Manager may require a detailed verification of an Investor’s identity, any beneficial owner underlying the  account, and the source of the Investor’s subscription payment.   The Company and the Manager reserve  the right to request such information as they deem necessary to  verify the identity of an Investor including,  without limitation, the requests for information and representa tions in this Investor Q uestionnaire and the  Subscription Agreement.  In the event of delay or failure by th e Investor to produce any information  required for verification purposes, the Company and the Manager  may refuse to accept a subscription or  may compulsorily redeem such Inv estor’s Units and/or payment of  redemption proceeds may be delayed  and neither the Company nor the Manager will be liable in such  circumstances to the s ubscriber or member  where an application for Units, or an additional Contribution,  is not processed or Units are compulsorily  redeemed.  The Manager, by written notice to any Investor, may  suspend the payment of redemption  proceeds payable to such member if it reasonably deems it neces sary to do so to comply with anti‐money  laundering regulations applicable to the Company, the Manager,  or any of the Company’s service providers.  Each Investor will be required to make such representations to  the Company and the Manager as the  Company or Manager will require in connection with applicable a nti‐money laundering programs including,  without limitation, the representations that the Investor is no t a prohibited country, territory, individual or  entity listed on the US Department of Treasury’s Office of Fore ign Assets Control (“OFAC”) website, and  that it is not directly or indirectly affiliated with any count ry, territory, individual or entity named on an  OFAC list or prohibited by any OFAC sanctions programs.  Such I nvestor will also represent to the Company  and the Manager that amounts contributed by it to the Company w ere not directly or indirectly derived  from activities that may contravene US Federal, state or intern ational laws and regulations, including,  without limitation, any applicable anti‐money laundering laws a nd regulations.  The Company or the Manager may disclose information about you,  which may constitute personal data  under data protection legislation, to such parties (e.g., affil iates, attorneys, audito rs, administrators or  regulators) in connection with their respective operations to f acilitate the transfer of the Units, including,  but not limited to, in connection with anti‐money laundering an d similar laws.  The Manager, the Company,  or any of the Company’s service providers may also release info rmation if directed to do so by the Investors  in Units, if compelled to do so by law or in connection with an y government or self‐regulatory organization  request or investigation related to anti‐money laundering or an y other laws or regulations.  The Company  may implement additional restrictions on the transfer of Units to comply with applicable anti‐money  laundering statutes f rom time to time.  In order to verify your identity, the Company and the Manager r equest that you provide, and you hereby  agree to promptly provide, copies of the following as verificat ion of your identity with this completed  subscription booklet:  For an individual     Copy of a government issued piece of identification providin g the  picture, name, address and other identifying information of the   party.  The identification may be a copy of a driver’s license,   passport or another government‐issued picture ID card (an “ID  Card”).  Page  23  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   Fo r an Entity   (Corporations, Partnerships or LLCs)    Copy  of  the  entity’s  articles  of  incorporation,  articles  of  organization,  certificate  of  formation,  charter  or  similar  organizational documentation filed with the jurisdiction in whi ch  the entity is organized; (ii) an ID Card (described above) for  each  individual executing the Subscription Agreement on behalf of th e  entity; and (iii) an ID Card for each individual that is the be neficial  owner of more than 25% of the entity.  For an Entity and/or Trust   Name of the jurisdiction in which the entity  _______________ ___________   was formed  (state/country)   Investment Partnerships, Investment   Trusts or Investment Companies  Copy  of  the  entity’s  articles  of  incorporation,  articles  of  organization,  certificate  of  formation,  charter  or  similar  organizational documentation filed with the jurisdiction in whi ch  the entity is organized; (ii) an ID Card (described above) for  each  individual executing the Subscription Agreement on behalf of th e  entity; and (iii) an ID Card for each individual that is the be neficial  owner of more than 25% of the entity.  Please  complete  certification  in  the  form  attached  hereto  as  Exhibit C  Individuals and Entities  Complete certification in the fo rm attached hereto as Exhibit D   [END OF ANTI‐MONEY LAUNDERIN G/VERIFICATION OF IDENTITY]  Page  24  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   NOTICE AND CONS ENT FOR ELECTRONI C DELIVERY OF COMPANY MATERIALS  AND REGULATORY  DOCUMENTS  The Company intends  to electronically deliver documents or info rmation pertaining to a Member’s  investment in the Company, including, but not limited to, repor ts, statements, notice s (including capital  call notices), Form K‐1s an d other information (the “ Company Materials ”) required or permitted to be  provided to the Members pursuant to any federal, state or local  law or regulation or pursuant to the Limited  Liability Company Agreement of the Company, as amended and/or r estated from time to time (“ Operating  Agreement ”). “ Electronic Delivery ” means making Company Materials and Regulatory Documents avail able  electronically to a Member by delivery of information by email,  by posting documents to the Company’s  internet‐based investor portal and/or by any other electronic m eans. The Manager, in  its sole discretion,  may elect which method of delivery it uses with respect to Elec tronic Delivery of any and all such materials  and documents.  The Company is seeking written consent from each Member to use  Electronic Delivery to deliver the  Company Materials to Members. Ac cordingly, by signing this Inve stor Questionnaire, the Investor consents  to  the  Company’s  use  of  Electroni c  Delivery  to  deliver  the  Comp any  Materials  to  Members  and  acknowledges, understand s, and agrees as follows:  1. The Investor hereby acknowledges that the Investor has read and  understands this Notice a nd  C  onsent for Electronic Delivery of Company Materials (this “ Consent ”) and hereby consents to Electronic Delivery of all Company Material s. 2. The  Investor understands that the Investor may incur costs in c onnection with Electronic Delivery of Company Materials, including c osts associated with online ti me and printing documents. 3. It is the Investor’s affirmative obligation to notify the Compa ny in writing at the address specified for the Company in Section 15.04 of the Operating Agreement (or  any successor provision thereto) (such address, the “ Notice Address ”) if the Investor’s email addre ss provided to th e Company chan ge s. 4. T he Investor may revoke or restrict its consent to this Consent  upon delivery of 30 days’ prior written notice to the Company at the Notice Address of such rev ocation or restriction.  Following such a revocation, paper copi es of the Company Mate rials will be issue d to the Investo r. 5. T he Investor may request a paper copy of Company Materials upon written request to the Manager  at the Notice Address;  provided ,  however , that such request will not constitute a withdrawal of the Investor’s consent to t his Consent unless sp ecifically stated a s such in accordance with Item 4, above. 6. The Investor agrees to notify the Company in writing as promptl y as possible at the Notice Address if the Investor is unable to access a document link in an Elect ronic Delivery communication or does not receive an expected communicati on via Electronic Delive ry. The consent provided in this Con sent shall remain effective unt il the Investor informs the Manager of its  revocation or restriction of such consent in accordance with It em 4, above.  [END OF NOTICE OF CONSENT FOR ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF COMPANY MA TERIALS]  [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]  Page  25  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   SIGN ATURE PAGE  The  undersigned hereby represents to the Company and the Manage r that (a) the information contained  in this Investor Questionnaire is complete and accurate and may  be relied upon by it, the Company and the  Manager; (b) the Company and the Manager will be notified of an y change in any of the information  contained herein occurring prior to the purchase of any Units;  and (c) the undersigned has received or had  access to all material informati on enabling the undersigned to  make an informed investment decision and  that all information requested has been furnished to the unders igned.  Certification for Individual/Joi nt Investor   Signature  _______ ___________________  Name  __________________________  Signature  __________________________  Name  __________________________  Certification for Trust/Entity Investor  Trust/Entity Name__________________________  Signature  __________________________  S i g n e r ’ s   N a m e    _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  T i t l e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  S i g n a t u r e    _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  S i g n e r ’ s   N a m e    _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  T i t l e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Date  __________________________  [END OF SIGNATURE PAGE]  Page  26  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   EXHIBIT A‐1: CER TIFICATE O F PARTNERSHIP INVESTOR  Ce rtificate of  (Name of Partnership)   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _________________  (the “ Partnership ”)  1) The undersigned, constituting al l of the partners of the Partne rship who must c onsent to the proposed investment by the Partn ership, hereby certify as follo ws : Partn ership commencement date    __________________________  Established pursuant to a partnership agreement dated  __________________________  2) That the undersigned have authority to determine, and have dete rmined (i) that the investment in, and the purchase of, units i n Commune Fund VI, LLC is of be nefit to the Partnership and (ii) to make such investment on be half of the Partnership. 3) That the undersigned is authorized to execute, on behalf of the  Partnership, an y and all docum ents in connection with the  Partnership’s investment in Co mmune Fund VI, LLC. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigne d have executed this Certific ate as partners of the Partnership and  declare that it is truthful:  Name of Partnership  __________________________  Partner Signature  __________________________   Partner Name    __________________________  Title    __________________________  Partner Signature  __________________________   Partner Name    __________________________  Date  __________________________   Title    __________________________  [END OF EXHIBIT A‐1]  Page  27  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   EXHIBIT A‐2  CERTIFICATE OF TRUST INVESTOR  Ce rtificate of  (Name of Trust)   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _________________  (the “ Trust ”)  1) The undersigned, constituting Trustee(s) of the Trust, hereby c ertify  as follows: Trust Agr eement Establishment Date  __________________________   2) That the undersigned have authority to determine, and have dete rmined (i) that the investment in, and the purchase of, units i n Commune Fund VI, LLC is of be nefit to the Trust and (ii) to ma ke such i nvestment on behalf of the Trust. 3) That the undersigned is authorized to execute, on behalf of the  Trust, any and all documents in connection with the Trust’s inve stment in Commune Fund VI, LLC. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigne d have executed this Certific ate as Trustee(s) of the Trust and  declare that it is truthful:  Name of Trust  __________________________  Trustee Signature  __________________________   Trustee Name    __________________________  Title    Trustee  Trustee Signature  __________________________   Trustee Name    __________________________  Title    Trustee  Date  __________________________   [END OF EXHIBIT A‐2]  Page  28  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   EXHIBIT A‐3  CERTIFICATE OF CORPORATE INVESTOR  Ce rtificate of  (Name of Corporation)   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _________________  (the “ Corporation ”)  The undersigned, being the duly elected and acting Secretary or  Assistant Secretary  of the Corporation,  hereby certifies as follows:  Corporation commenced business on  __________________________  Incorporated under the laws of the State of  _________________ _________  Official date of incorpora tion  __________________________  1) That the Articles of Incorporation and By‐Laws of the Corporation permit and do not prohibit  an investm ent in units in Commune Fun d VI, LLC. 2) T hat the Board of Directors of the Corporation has determined,  or appropriate office rs acting under au thority of the Board of Directors have determined, that  the investment in, and purchas e of, units in Commune Fund VI, LLC   is of benefit to the Corporat ion and has determined to ma ke such i nvestment on behalf of the Corporation.  Attached hereto  is a true, correct and complet e copy  of resolutions of the Board of Directors (or an appropriat e committee thereof) of the Corporation duly authorizing this  investment, and said resoluti ons have not been revoked, rescinded or modified and remain in full force and effect. 3) That the following named individuals are duly elected officers  of the Corporation, who hold the offices set oppo site their respective names, duly authorized to execute any and all documents i n conn ection with the Corporation’s investment in Commune Fund VI , LLC, and the sign atures writt en opposite their names and titles are their correct and g enuine signatures.    Name   Title      Signature   __________________________       __________________________  ___ _______________________  __________________________       __________________________  ___ _______________________  __________________________       __________________________  ___ _______________________  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigne d have executed this Certificate and affixed the seal of the  Corporation, and declared that it is truthful and correct.  Name of Corporation   __________________________  [ S e a l ]   S i g n a t u r e   o f   O f f i c e r   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  N a m e   &   T i t l e   o f   O f f e r   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  D a t e   __________________________  [END OF EXHIBIT A‐3]  Page  29  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   EXHIBIT A‐4 CERTIFICATE OF LIMIT ED LIABILITY COM P ANY INVESTOR  Ce rtificate of  (Name of Limited Liability Company)   _________________________            (the “ Limited Liability Company ”)  The undersigned, being the duly elected and acting manager or m anaging member of the Limited Liability  Company, hereby certifies as follows:  Limited Liability Company commenced business on  ______________ ____________  Organized under the laws of the State of   ___________________ _______  O f f i c i a l   d a t e   o f   o r g a n i z a t i o n   __________________________  1) That a true and correct copy of the Limited Liability Company A greement is attached hereto and that,  as of the date hereof, the Limited Liability Company Agre ement has not been amended (except as to any attached amendments) or revoked and is still in full force and ef fect. 2) That th e managers and/or managin g members of the  Limited Liabil ity Company have determined that th e investment in, and purchase of, units in Commune Fund  VI, LLC, is of be nefit to the Limited Liability Company and have determined to make such investment on behalf of th e Limit ed Liability Company. Attached hereto is a true, correct a nd complete copy of resolutions  of the manag ers (or an appropriate committee thereof) of the Limit ed Liability Company d uly auth orizing this investment, and said resolutions have not been  revoked, rescinded or modified and r emain in full force and effect. 3) That the following named individuals are duly elected managers  or officers of the Limited Liab ility Co mpany, who hold the offices set forth opposite their respecti ve names, are duly authorized to execute any and all documents in  connection with the Limited Li ability Company’s investment i n Commun e Fund VI, LLC, and the signatures written opposite their  names and titles are their correct and genuine signatures.       Name       Title        Signature   __________________________       __________________________  ___ _______________________  __________________________       __________________________  ___ _______________________  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigne d have executed this Certificate and affixed the seal of the  Corporation, and declared that it is truthful and correct.  N a m e   o f   L i m i t e d   L i a b i l i t y    C  o m p a n y   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  [ S e a l ]   S i g n a t u r e   o f   M a n a g e r   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  N a m e   &   T i t l e   o f   M a n a g e r    _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  D a t e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  [END OF EXHIBIT A‐4]  Page  30  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   EXHIBIT B: AML CERTIFICATION FOR M  FOR FUND OF FUNDS OR ENTITIES    THAT INVEST ON BEHALF OF THIRD PARTIES  The un dersigned, being the   T i t l e   __________________________  N a m e   o f   E n t i t y   __________________________  T y p e   o f   E n t i t y   __________________________  Organized under the laws of   __________________________  ( J u r i s d i c t i o n   o f   O r g a n i z a t i o n )   (the “ Investor ”), does hereby certify on behalf of the Investor that it is aw are of the requirements of the  USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, the regulations administered by the U. S. Department of Treasury’s Office of  Foreign Assets Control, and othe r applicable U.S. federal, stat e or non‐U.S. anti‐money laundering laws and  regulations (collectively, the “ anti‐money laundering/OFAC laws ”).  The Investor hereby certifies that it has  anti‐money laundering policies and procedures in place reasonably designed to verify the identity of its  underlying investors and their sources of funds.  Such policies  and procedures are properly enforced and  are  consistent  with  the  anti‐money  laundering/OFAC  laws  such  th at  Commune  Fund  VI,  LLC  (the  “ Company ”) and the Company’s manager, Co mmune Fund VI Management, LLC ( the “ Manager ”) may rely  on this Certification.  The Investor hereby represents to the Company and the Manager a nd that, to the best of its knowledge,  the Investor’s underlying invest ors are not individuals, entiti es or countries that may subject the Company  or the Manager to criminal or civil violations of any anti‐mone y laundering/OFAC laws.  The Investor has  read the sections entitled “Anti‐Money Laundering Representatio ns” in the Subscription Agreement.  The  Investor has taken all reasonable steps to ensure that its unde rlying investors are able to certify to such  representations.  The Investor agrees to promptly notify the Co mpany should the Investor have any  questions relating to any of its investors or become aware of a ny changes in the representations set forth  in this Certification.  Investor Name  __________________________  Signature  __________________________   Name of Signer  __________________________  Title    __________________________  Date  __________________________  [END OF EXHIBIT B]  Page  31  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   EXHIBIT  C: SOURCE OF FUNDS DECLARATION   D a t e   __________________________  Investor Name (the “ Investor ” )   __________________________  1) The Investor understands that he,  she, or it is making this dec laration for the protection of the Company. 2) I declar e that the funds which are  used to purchase Units in th e Company represent  funds obta ined by the undersigned from the following source Source of Funds   __________________________  Total Amount Invested/Investing   __________________________  3) Consent is hereby given to the Company and/or its administrator  to disclose this  transaction to those institutions that are lega lly entitled to receive the inf ormation contained herei n.  C  ertification for Indivi dual/Joint Investor   Signature  __________________________  Name  __________________________  S i g n a t u r e    _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Name  __________________________  Certification for Trust/Entity Investor  Signature  __________________________  Trust/Entity Name  __________________________  S i g n e r ’ s   N a m e    _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  T i t l e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Signature  __________________________  Trust/Entity Name  __________________________  S i g n e r ’ s   N a m e    _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Date  __________________________   Title    ______________________ ____   [END OF EXHIBIT C]  [END OF INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE]  Page  32  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   SU BSCRIPTION AGREEMENT  (PAGES 32 ‐ 47)  Page  33  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   SU BSCRIPTION AGREEMENT  Commune Fund VI, LLC  c/o Commune Fund VI Management, LLC  31248 Oak Crest Drive, Suite 100   Westlake Village, California  91361  Attention:  Michael Michalo v, Chief Operating Officer  Ladies and Gentlemen:  The undersigned investor hereby subscribes for an aggregate pur chase of ___________________ Units  (“ Units ”) in Commune Fund VI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability compan y (the “ Company ”).  The:  (a) price  per Unit, (b) actual number of U nits to be received by the unde rsigned, (c) class of Units,   and (d) purchase  price of the Units will be determined and/or paid, as the case  may be, in the manner contemplated by (i)  the Company’s Confidential Private Placement Memorandum, as the  same may be amended from time to  time (the “ Memorandum ”), and (ii) the Company’s Limited Liability Company Agreement,  as the same may  be amended from time to time (the “ Operating Agreement ”).  Capitalized terms used but not defined  herein will have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Operating  Agreement.  This Subscription Agreement  (this “ Agreement ”) will become effective and bi nding only upon the acceptance h ereof by the Company.  1. Representations and Warranties.   In connection with the purchase of Units, the undersigned hereby represents and warrants to Commune Fund VI Management, L LC (the “ Manager ”) and the Co mpany that: a. Units are being purchased for the undersigned’s own account wit hout the participation o f a ny other person, with the intent of holding Units for investme nt and without the intent of participating, directly or i ndirectly, in a distribution of  Units and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution of Units, nor i s the undersigned aware of the existence of any distribution of Units. In making such represen tation, the undersigned acknowledges that a purchase now with an intent to resell by re ason of any forese eable specific  contingency, some predetermined event or an anticipate d change in market value, or in the condition of the Company, or that of the real estate  industry, or in connection with a contemplated liquidation or settlement of any loan obtai ned by the undersigned for the acquisition of such Units and for which such Units may be p ledged as security,  would repr esent a purchase with an int ent inconsistent with the foreg oing representation. b. The undersigned has evaluated the risk of investing in Units an d is acquiring Units based only  upon  its  independent  examination  and  judgment  as  to  the  pr ospects  of  the investment as determined from information obtained directly by  the undersigned from the Manager or its authorized representati ves. c. The  undersigned’s overall commitment to investments that are no t readily marketable is not disproportionate to the undersigned’s net worth, and the undersigned’s acquisition of Units will not cause such overall commitment to  become excessiv e. d. The undersigned acknowledges that Units are a speculative inves tment that involves a hi gh Page  34  of  52       US2008 30901300 4     degree of risk and the undersigned can sustain a complete loss  of this investment in Units.   The undersigned has no need for l iquidity in the undersigned’s  investment in Units.  e.   The undersigned understands that there are significant restrict ions on the transferability  of Units or any portion thereof or interest therein; and Units  have not been registered or  qualified under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ 1933 Act ”) or the securities  laws of any state and must be held indefinitely unless subseque ntly registered or qualified  under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws or  unless an exemption from  such registration becomes or is available.  f.   Units have not been approved or disapproved by the United State s Securities and Exchange  Commission (the “ SEC ”) or by the securities regulatory authority of any state or of  any  other  jurisdiction.    Furthermore,  the  foregoing  authorities  hav e  not  confirmed  the  accuracy or determined the adequacy of the Letter.  No federal  or state agency has made  any findings as to the fairness of the terms of the offering.  g.   The undersigned is financially able to hold Units for long‐term  investment, believes that  the nature and amount of the Units being acquired are consisten t with the undersigned’s  o v e r a l l  i n v e s t m e n t  p r o g r a m  a n d  f i n a n c i a l  p o s i t i o n ,  a n d  r e c o g n i z es  that  there  are  substantial risks involved in acquiring Units.  h.   The address set forth on the signature page hereto is the under signed’s true and correct  address.  i.   The  execution  and  delivery  of  this  Agreement  by  the  undersigned  h a s  b e e n  d u l y   authorized, and this  Agreement constitutes the valid and  bindin g agreement of the  undersigned enforceable against  the undersigned in accordance w ith its terms.  j.   No provision of any applicable law, regulation, or document by  which the undersigned is  bound prohibits the purchase of Units by the undersigned.  k.   The undersigned is not acquiring Units on behalf of, or for the  benefit of, any other person,  and the undersigned does not intend, and will not attempt, to t ransfer any Units hereby  subscribed for to any other person without the prior knowledge  and written consent of  the Manager.  l.   The undersigned confirms that:  (i) the undersigned is familiar  with the business of the  Company;  (ii)  the  undersigned  has  had  the  opportunity  to  ask  qu estions  about  the  Company and to obtain (and that the undersigned has received to  its satisfaction) such  information about the business and financial condition of the C ompany as the undersigned  has reasonably requested; (iii) the undersigned, either alone o r with its representative (as  defined in Rule 501(h) promulgated under the 1933 Act), if any,  has such knowledge and  experience in financial and business matters that the undersign ed is capable of evaluating  the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Units  and make an informed  investment decision with respect thereto; and (iv) that all doc uments, records and books  pertaining to the investment in the Company have been made avai lable to the undersigned  and/or to the undersigned’s personal investment, tax, and legal  advisers, if such advisers  were utilized by the undersigned.  Page  35  of  52       US2008 30901300 4     m.   The  undersigned  has  been  advised  to  consult  with  the  undersigne d’s  own  attorney  regarding  legal  matters  and  own  tax  advisor  regarding  tax  matte rs  concerning  an  investment in the Company and has done so to the extent the und ersigned considers  necessary.  n.   Any projections or predictions that may have been made availabl e to investors are based  on estimates, assumptions, and forecasts which may prove to be  incorrect; and no  assurance is given that actual r esults will correspond with the  results contemplated by the  various projections.  o.   The  acceptance  of  the  undersigned’s  subscription  together  with  the  appropriate  remittance will not violate any applicable money laundering law s, rules or regulations, the  undersigned undertakes to provide to the Manager verification o f the undersigned’s  identity satisfactory to the Manager promptly on request, and t he undersigned will hold  the Company, the Manager, and  their respective affiliates, agen ts, and assigns, harmless  and indemnified against any loss arising as a result of a failu re to process the undersigned’s  subscription or any future redemption request by the undersigne d if such information as  has been required by the parties  referred to has not been provi ded by the undersigned.  p.   Under the penalties of perjury,  the undersigned certifies that:  (a) the social security or tax  ID number listed by such Investor in its Investor Questionnaire  is true, correct and  complete and that he is not subject to backup withholding under  § 3406(a)(l)(c) of the  Internal Revenue Code of  1986, as amended (the “ Code ”), either because (i) he or she has  not been notified that he or she is subject to backup withholdi ng as a result of a failure to  report all interest or dividends, or (ii) the IRS has notified  the Investor that it is no longer  subject to backup withholding; or (b) he or she is not a U.S. c itizen or resident, is not a  dealer  in  commodities  (i.e.,  regularly  engaged  as  a  merchant  in   buying  and  selling  commodities), and is no t engaged in a U.S.  trade or business.  q.   The undersigned is purchasing Units with lawfully acquired fund s for investment.  r.   If an individual, the undersigne d, and if an entity, the unders igned authorized signatory of  such entity, is at least 21 years of age.  s.   Further Representations Regarding Investor’s Status  i.   The undersigned is an “accredited investor” as such term is def ined in Rule 501  under the 1933 Act. If the undersigned is an accredited investo r on the basis of  income, the undersigned has a reasonable expectation of reachin g the income  level necessary to qualify as an  accredited investor during the  current year.  If the  undersigned is an accredited investor on the basis of net worth , the undersigned  represents that all liabilities  necessary to make a determinati on of net worth have  been disclosed to the Company (or, if applicable, to the third  party verifying the  undersigned’s accredited investor status to the Company).  ii.   The undersigned, on behalf of itself and any director or indire ct owner of its  interest that, on a look‐through basis, beneficially owns 20% o f more of the voting  securities of the Company, is not subject to a bad actor disqua lification event  Page  36  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   described in Rule 506(d )(1 ) of the 1933 Act.  iii. If not an individual, the undersigned represents that:  (i) the  undersigned is not  a privat e investment company that would be required to register a s an investmen t company  under the Investment Com pany Act of 1940, as amended (t he “ 1 940 Ac t ”) but for an exclusion from the definition of “investment comp any” provided in Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of  the 1940 Act; (ii) the undersi gned was not formed for the purpose of investing in the Company; (iii) not more tha n 40% of t he undersign ed’s assets will be invested in the Company;  and (iv)  none  of th e undersign ed’s beneficial owners or participants have the power  to direct  the undersign ed’s  investments  for  such  beneficial  owner’s  or  partic ipant’s  own account. 1  (If the undersigned cannot make this representation, it should contact the Manager for additional instructions.) iv. If the undersigned is an investment entity that is or is deemed  to be a “commodity pool” as defined in the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the “ CEA ”), the  undersigned  certifies  that  its  operator  is  either  registere d with the  U .S. Commodity   Futures  Trading  Commission  (the  “ CFTC ”)  as  a  commodity  p ool ope rator (“ CPO ”) and is a member of the U.S. N ational Futures Association or  is exempt from such registration. v. The undersigned represents that the subscription funds used to  purchase  Units pursuan t to this Agreement are not the assets of (i) an insuran ce company g eneral or  separate account or (ii) a bank holding company.  (If the un dersigned cannot make  this  representation,  it  should  contact  the  Manager  for  add itio nal instructions.) vi. The  undersigned  has  carefully  reviewed  and  understands  the  risk s  of  a n investm ent in the Company, including the risks summarized in the Letter. vii. The  undersigned  has  substantial  knowledge  and  experience  in  bus iness  and financial matt ers. t. Further Representations and Warranties by Benefit Plan Investor s.  If the undersigned is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) an employee benefit plan that is subject to Part 4 of Title I of ERISA (an “ ERISA Plan ”); (ii) a “plan” as defined in  Section 4975 of th e Code, inclu ding , with out limitation, an individual retirement account, that is s ubject to Secti on 4975 of the Code (an “ IRA ”); (iii) an entity whose underlying assets include assets of s uch plans by reason of a plan’s investment in such entity (a “ Plan Asset Entity ”) (ERISA Plans, IRAs, and Plan Asset Entities, and all persons acting on the behalf of or  with respect to any of these shall be referred to as “ Benefit Plan Investors ”); or (iv) any benefit plan or entity that is 1  For example, beneficial owners of a partnership would be deeme d to have the power to direct the undersigned’s  investments for such beneficial owner’s own account (and would  thus need to contact the Manager for additional  information) if: (a) each partner or beneficial owner has the r ight to determine the amount  of his or her contribution  to a particular investment made by the partnership; or (b) the general partner of the partnership consults with the  limited  partners  or  beneficial  ow ners  of  the  partnership  about  their  individual  investment  objectives  and  correspondingly varies each limited partner’s percentage of pro fits and losses.  Page  37  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   subject  to any laws or regulations that are similar to Part 4 o f Title I of ERISA or Section  4975 of the Code (such a plan or entity or any person acting on  behalf of such a plan or  entity shall be referred to as an “ Other Plan Investor ”, and the relevant plan or plans  underlying each Benefit Plan Investor or Other Plan Investor sh all be referred to as the  “ Plan ”),  the  undersigned  hereby  represents  and  warrants  to  the  Compa ny  and  the  Manager that:   i. The initial decision to invest assets of the Plan in the Compan y has been made, and the decision to make subsequent investments or withdrawals of a ssets of the Plan in or from the Company will be made, by a fiduciary of the Plan  (unrelated to t he Manager)  (the “ Plan Investment Fiduciary ”) acting in the exercise of its sole discretion to make such investme nt decisions, and none of the M anager or any of its affiliates or employees is undertaking to provide impartial  investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with t he subscriber’ s investm e nt in the Company. ii. The  undersigned acknowledges that it understands (and the Manag er agrees) tha t neither  the Manager nor any person acting on behalf of the Comp any or t he Manager  will have any direct contact with any participants or b eneficiaries of the Plan regarding investment of their benefits in the Plan. iii. Investment in the Company is permitted by the terms of the Plan , and  the execut ion  and  delivery  of  this  Agreement  and  the  acquisition,  h olding,  an d withdr awal of a Unit does not result in a non‐exempt prohibited  transaction under the Section 406(a) of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code or Simila r La w. iv. If  the Plan is an ERISA Plan, (i) the undersigned is a named fi duciary, within the meaning of Section 402(a) of ERISA, of such Plan, (ii) in accor dance with Sec tion 403  of ERISA, at least one signatory for the Plan hereunder is  a “trustee” or “investment  manager”  of  the  Plan  as  defined  in  ERISA,  and  (iii)  t h e  p e r s o n executing this Agreement on behalf of the undersigned represent s that he or she and the Plan Investment Fiduciary have been informed of and und erstand  the Company’s  investment objectives,  policies and strategies and de termined tha t t hey are appropriate for the ERISA Plan in view of its overall  investment policy and composition and diversification of its portfolio. v. The undersigned and/or the Plan Investment Fiduciary will provi de to the Gene ral Partn er upon acceptance of this Agreement and from time‐to‐time  thereafter upon reasonable notice a list of t he parties in interest, as de fined in ERISA Section 3(14) or disqualified persons, as  defined in Section 4975 of th e Code, of the Plan. vi. The undersigned hereby: (i) acknowledges that the Company is no t a p ublicly offered  security,  a  registered  i nvestment  company  security,  or  an  operating company; (ii) acknowledges that  the equity participation by Ben efit Plan Investor s m ay be or become “significant” within the meaning of ERISA Sect ion 3(42) and any regulations issued thereunder, and accordingly, the assets of t he Company may b e consid ered ERISA “plan assets”; (iii) acknowledges that, in the  event the assets of Page  38  of  52       US2008 30901300 4     the Company are considered “plan assets” under the Plan Asset R ule, the Manager  and any other entity with discretion over the Company may be ER ISA “fiduciaries”  with respect to any ERISA plan whose assets are invested in the  Company; and (iv)  acknowledges that the Manager is not a registered investment ad viser.   vii.   The undersigned is aware that if the undersigned is an ERISA pl an or other tax‐ exempt entity, it may be subject to federal income tax on any u nrelated business  taxable  income  from  its  investment  in  the  Company.  The  undersig ned  has  consulted counsel to the extent it deems necessary concerning t he propriety of  making  an  investment  in  the  Comp any  and  the  appropriateness  of  such  an  investment under ERISA and the Code, including, without limitat ion, with respect  to an IRA, the possible risk of loss of the IRA’s tax‐exempt st atus if an investment  in the Company is found to violat e the requirements of Code sec tion 408(a)(5).  u.   Anti‐Money Launderi ng Representations  i.   The undersigned represents that all evidence of identity provid ed in connection  with this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the Investo r Questionnaire) is  complete, true and correct and all related information furnishe d is genuine and  accurate.  ii.   The undersigned agrees to provide any information deemed necess ary by the  Company and the Manager to comply with the Company’s anti‐money  laundering  program and related responsibilities from time to time.  In the  event of delay or  failure  by  the  undersigned  to  produce  any  information  requested  i n  t h i s   Agreement or required for verification purposes, the Company or  the Manager  may refuse to accept the subscription.  iii.   The  undersigned  represents  and  covenants  that  neither  it,  nor  a ny  person  controlling, controlled by, or under common control with it, no r any person having  a beneficial interest in it: (i)  is a country, territory, indiv idual, organization, or entity  listed on the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocke d Persons (the “ OFAC  Control List ”) maintained by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control (“ OFAC ”)  (available  at  http://www.ustreas.g ov/offices/enforcement/ofac/s dn/t11sdn.pdf)  or (ii) is investing or intending to invest in the Company on b ehalf of or for the  benefit of, nor is it directly or indirectly affiliated with, a ny country, territory,  individual, organization, or entity listed on the OFAC Control  List or restricted by  any OFAC sanctions program.  The undersigned agrees to promptly  notify the  Company  and  the  Manager  of  any  change  in  information  affecting  this  representation and covenant.  iv.   The undersigned represents that (i) the amounts to be invested  by it in the Company  are not directly or indirectly derived from activities that con travene U.S. federal or  state laws or regulations and international laws and regulation s, including, without  limitation, anti‐money laundering laws and regulations, and (ii ) the proceeds from the  Investor’s investment in the Company will not be used to financ e any illegal activities.  Page  39  of  52       US2008 30901300 4     v.   The undersigned acknowledges (i) that additional subscriptions  by the undersigned  may be refused and/or (ii) that r equests for withdrawals may be  delayed or declined  if the Company or the Manager reasonably believes it does not h ave satisfactory  evidence of the undersigned’s identity.  vi.   The undersigned acknowledges that, if, following the Company’s  and the Manager’s  acceptance of this Agreement, the Company and the Manager reaso nably believe  that the undersigned is listed on the OFAC Control List or has  otherwise breached its  representations and covenants as to its identity, the Company o r the Manager may  be obligated to block the undersigned’s investment in accordanc e with applicable  law, and the undersigned will have no claim against the Company  or the Manager for  any form of damages as a result of blocking the investment.  vii.   If the undersigned is a “fund of funds” or an entity that inves ts on behalf of others,  the undersigned, in addition to and not by way of limiting the  foregoing, represents  and certifies that it is aware of the requirements of the USA P ATRIOT Act of 2001 (the  “ USA PATRIOT Act ”), and rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and other  applicable anti‐money laundering measures in any jurisdiction ( collectively, the  “ AML  Rules ”)  and  that  it  has  adopted  anti‐money  laundering  policies  and  procedures in place reasonably designed to verify the identity  of its beneficial  owners or underlying investors, as the case may be, and their r espective sources  of funds.  Such policies and procedures are properly enforced a nd are consistent  with such AML Rules.  The undersigned represents and certifies  that to the best of  its knowledge, the beneficial owners or investors, as the case  may be, are not  individuals, entities, or countries that may subject the Compan y, the Manager, or  any  of  their  affiliates  to  criminal  or  civil  violations  of  any  A M L  R u l e s .   T h e   undersigned acknowledges that it is to furnish a copy of its an ti‐money laundering  policies and procedures to the Company when requested.  Among i ts other  obligations hereunder, the undersigned agrees to promptly notif y the Company  and  the  Manager  if  the  foregoing  representation  and  certificati on  becomes  inaccurate.    viii.   The undersigned represents that:    1.   it is not a Senior Foreign Political Figure, 2  a member of a Senior Foreign  Political Figure’s Immediate Family, 3  and/or any Close Associate 4  of a  Senior Foreign Political Figure residing in a high‐risk or non‐ cooperative    2   The term  “Senior  Foreign Political Figure”  is  defined to  mean  a senior  official  in the executive,  legislative,  administrative, military or judicial branches of a foreign gove rnment (whether elected or not ), senior official of a major  foreign political party, or a senior executive of a foreign gov ernment‐owned corporation.   3  The term “immediate family” is defined to mean the  parents, s iblings, spouse, children and in‐laws of a Senior  Foreign Political Figure.   4  The term “Close Associate” is defined to mean a person who is  widely and publicly known to maintain an unusually  close relationship with a Senior Foreign Political Figure.   Page  40  of  52       US2008 30901300 4     jurisdiction (an “ HNJ ”) 5  or a jurisdiction that has been designated by the  U.S. Treasury as warranting special measures due to money laund ering  concerns;  2.   it is not a former Senior Foreign Political Figure residing in  an HNJ or a  jurisdiction that has been desig nated by the U.S. Treasury as w arranting  special measures due to mo ney laundering concerns;  3.   it  is  not  resident  in,  or  organized  or  chartered  under  the  laws  o f a  jurisdiction that has been designated by the U.S. Secretary of  Treasury  under Sections 311 and 312 of the USA PATRIOT Act as warranting  special  measures due to money laundering concerns;  4.   it is not a Foreign Shell Bank as the term is defined in the US A PATRIOT  Act; and  5.   its subscription funds do not originate from, nor will they be  routed  through, an account maintained at a Foreign Shell Bank, an “off shore  bank,” or a bank organized or charted under the laws of a juris diction  deemed to be an HNJ or a jurisdiction that has been designated  by the U.S.  Treasury  as  warranting  special  measures  due  to  money  laundering   concerns.    v.   The undersigned recognizes that non‐public information concerni ng the undersigned set  forth in this Agreement or otherwise disclosed by the undersign ed to the Company, or  other agents of the Company (the “ Information ”) (such as the undersigned’s name,  address, social security number, assets and income):  (i) may b e disclosed to the Company’s  Manager, attorneys, accountants, lenders, and third party admin istrators in furtherance of  the Company’s business; and (ii) as otherwise required or permi tted by law.  The Company  and the Manager restrict access to the Information to their emp loyees who need to know  the information to provide services to the Company, and maintai n physical, electronic, and  procedural safeguards that comply with U.S. federal standards t o guard the information.    w.   The undersigned should not construe the contents of the Operati ng Agreement, or any prior  or subsequent communication from  the Manager or any of its resp ective agents, officers, or  representatives, as legal or tax advice; the undersigned has be en advised to consult with the  undersigned’s own attorney regarding legal matters and own tax  advisor regarding tax  matters concerning an investment in the Company and has done so  to the extent the  undersigned considers necessary; the legal and tax consequences  to the undersigned of the  investment in the Company will depend on the undersigned’s part icular circumstances; and  neither the Company nor the Manager makes any representation or  warranty with respect  thereto.    2.   Acknowledgments.   The undersigned acknowledges and represents:    a.   Receipt of all information requested of the Company and the Man ager, and further  acknowledges that no representations or warranties have been ma de to the undersigned  by the Company, the Manager or any representative or agent of t he Company, other than    5  The Financial Action Task Force (“ FATF ”) on Money Laundering has desig nated certain countries or terr itories as  HNJs.  The list of countries or territories deemed to be HNJs i s available at:  http://www.fatf‐gafi.org/topics/high‐ riskandnon‐cooperativejurisdictions/  (as updated from time to time).     Page  41  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   as set  forth in the Letter.  b. That the undersigned is able to  bear the economic risk of the i nvestment in Units for an indefinite period and recognizes that Units are being: (i) sold  without registration of securities for sale; (ii) issued and sold in reliance on exempt ions from registration und er appl icable state securities laws; (iii) issued and sold in reli ance on certain exemptions from registration, including Regula tion D, under the 1933 Act; ; and  (iv) that reliance on such statutory exemptions is based in part on the representations made by the undersigned in this Agreeme nt. c. T hat this subscription may be accepted or rejected in whole or  in part in the sole discretion of the Manager or the Comp any. d. T hat the undersigned is aware that the transfer of Units is lim ited by the Operating Agreement. e. That the undersigned is purchasing Units without being furnishe d any offering literature  or prosp ectus other than the Letter. f. That the undersigned has received and carefully read and is fam iliar with the Operating Agreement and the Letter.  The undersigned is purchasing Units  relying only on  the inform ation set forth in the Operating Agreement and the Letter . g. That  there is not currently, nor is there expected to arise, an y public market for Units, and the undersigned may have to hold Units indefinitely, and it may  not be possible for  the undersign ed to liquidate its investment in Units other than by  redemption as provided i n the  Operating Agreemen t. h. That  the  undersigned  understands  that,  other  than  as  provided  i n  the  Operating Agreement, the members of the Company (the “ Members ”) will have no voting rights, right to amend or terminate the Operating Agreement or to appoint, se lect, vote for or remo ve the  Manager or its agents or to otherwise participate in the bu siness decisions of the Company. i. T hat pursuant to the Operating Agreement, the Manager will exer cise all rights, powers and privileges of ownership in all Company property, including  the right to vote, giv e assent,  execute and deliver proxies, and that the Company's pro xy voting policies override the undersigned's proxy voting policies.  The undersigned hereb y adopts the voting policies of the Company for purposes of i ts investment in the Compa ny. j. T hat:  (i) the Letter discloses  certain conflicts of interest t hat may exist or arise with respect to the Company; and (ii) the undersigned waives any objection t o those conflicts of interest and the manner in which such conflicts of interest are to be re solved, as described in the Letter. 3. Agreements.   The undersigned hereby agrees as follow s: a. If  the undersigned’s purchase of Units is accepted by the Manag er and the Company, the Page  42  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   undersign ed will thereby adopt and be bound by all the terms an d provisions of the  Operating Agreement, and any amendments thereto, including, wit hout limitation, the  prohibition on transfers of Units, and will perform all obligat ions therein imposed upon the  undersigned with respect to the undersigned's Units.  b. Units will not be offered for sale, sold or transferred other t han in accordance with the Operating Agreement and pursuant to (i) an effective registrati on under the 1933 Act or i n a  transaction  that  is  otherwise  in  compliance  with  the  1933  Act ;  and  (ii)  e vidence satisfactory  to the Company and  the Manager of compliance with  the applicable securities laws of other jurisdictions.  The Company and the Manager will  be entitled to rely upon an opinion of counsel satisfactory to it with respect to compliance with the above laws and may, if it so desires, refuse to permit the transfer of Units u nless the request for the transfer is accompanied by an opinion of counsel acceptable to  the Company and th e M anager to the effect that neither the sale nor the proposed transfer will result in any violation of the 1933 Act or the s ecurities laws of any other j urisdict ion. c. T he undersigned will comply with any request by the Company or  the Manager for th e undersign ed’s financial statements, recent income tax returns and references, including, without limitation, bank references. d. Units have not been registered under the 1933 Act or any state  securities laws and  are subject  to substantial restrictions on transferability and sale , and a legend indicating as such may be placed on any certificate(s) or other document deli vered to the undersigned or any substitute therefor and the Company, the Manager or any  transfer agent may be instructed  to  require  compliance  therewith.    The  undersigned  ac knowledges  and understands,  however,  that  no  certificate(s)  evidencing  Units  m a y  b e  i s s ue d b y  t he Company. 4. A uthorization to Verify Accredited Investor Status.   In order to facilitate the verification of the undersigned’s status as an accredited investor in accordance wi th Rule 506(c) of Regulation D under the 1933 Act (“ Rule 506(c) ”), the undersigned here by agrees as follows: a. The Company may obtain verification of the undersigned’s accred ited investor status from any third party service provider that is engaged for such purpo se (each, a “ Third  Party Veri fier ”), and agrees to provide such information, to execute such doc uments, and to tak e such  other actions as may be, in the opinion of the Third Party  Verifier, necessary o r a dvisable to authorize and enable the Third Party Verifier to v erify the undersigned’s accredited investor status to the Compan y. b. T he Company may also verify the undersigned’s accredited invest or status directly.  To this end: i. The undersigned authorizes the Manager and the Company to obtai n info rmation and  documentation  from  any  person,  including,  without  limitatio n,  the undersigned,  the  undersigned’s  accountant,  attorney,  or  other  p rofess ional a dvisers, and third party providers ( e.g ., consumer reporting agencies) regarding the  undersigned’s  income,  assets,  liabilities,  and  any  other  in formation  or docum entation determined by the Manager or the Company to be ne cessary o r Page  43  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   advisable to make a ve rification pursuant  to Rule 506( c); and   ii. The undersigned agrees to comply with any and all requests by t he Manager o r the  Company consistent with, and in furtherance of, subsection  (i) above, including requests for the following: 1. an Internal Revenue Service form that reports the undersigned’s  income for the two most recent years (including, but not limited to, F orm W‐2, Form 1099, Schedule K‐1 to F orm 1065, and Form 10 40); and 2. the  following  types  of  documentation  dated  within  the  prior  thr ee months:    (A)  bank  statements,  brokerage  statements  and  other statements of securities holdings, certificates of deposit, tax  assessm ents, a nd appraisal reports issued by independent third parties, and  (B)  a consum er report from at least one of the nationwide consumer re porting agencies; and 3. a written representation that th e undersigned qualifies as an a ccredited investor. iii. T he undersigned hereby releases the Manager and the Company fro m any and all liability for acts performed in accordance with the above autho rization in go od faith. 5. Co rporate Transparency Act Reporting.   To the extent the Manager determines it is necessary or advisable under the Corporate Transparency Act (or any regulati ons enacted thereunder) to provide the Company’s beneficial  owner information to the  U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Financial  Crimes  Enforcement  Network  (“ FinCEN ” )  ( o r  s u c c e s s o r  r e g u l a t o r y  a u t h o r i t y ) ,  t h e undersigned hereby agrees: (i) that the Company and the Manager  are authorized to provide the undersigned’s information (includi ng, without limitation, an im age of the undersigned’s U.S. driver’s license, a U.S. passport, or other identification docu ment issued by a U.S. state or territory (“ ID Card ”)) to FinCEN (or to an agent to submit to FinCEN on the Compan y’s behalf); and (ii) the undersigned  agrees  to provide su ch additional  information that  the Manager determines is necessary or advisable that the Company would be required to pr ovide or substantiate under applicable law (including, without limitation, an ID Card for a ny individual that may be deemed a beneficial owner o f the Company). 6. In demnification.   The undersigned represents and warrants that it understands t he meaning and legal  consequences  of  the  representations,  warranties  and  other   agreements  made  by  the undersign ed herein, and acknowledges that the Company and the M anager are relying on su ch repr esentations and warranties in making their determination to  accept or reject this subscription . T he undersigned hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Manager, and any agent, director, manager, officer, member or employee there of from and against any and al l loss,  damage or liability due to or arising out of a breach of  any representation, warranty or agreement  of  the  undersigned  contained  in  this  Agreement,  the  u ndersigned’s  Investor Questionnaire or in any other document furnished by the undersi gned in connection with  the undersign ed’s investment in the Company and the Manager.  If th e undersigned is a Plan, t he Page  44  of  52       US2008 30901300 4     foregoing  indemnification  obligation  in  this  Section  5  applies  to  the  Plan’s  sponsor.    The  undersigned also acknowledges that the Company will indemnify a nd hold harmless the Manager  and any director, officer , manager, member, agent or employee  thereof from and against any and  all claims, losses, costs, expens es (including, without limitat ion, attorneys’ fees and court costs),  damages, actions or causes of action arising from, on account o f or in connection with the  performance by the Manager of its duties under the Operating Ag reement, other than such of the  foregoing arising from, on account of or in connection with the  bad faith, gross negligence or  intentional wrongdoing of the Manager.  The federal and state s ecurities laws impose liabilities  under certain circumstances on persons who act in good faith an d nothing in this Agreement will  constitute a waiver or limitation of any rights which the under signed may have under applicable  federal and state securities laws.  If the undersigned is a Pla n, this indemnification obligation in this  Section 5 applies to t he Plan’s sponsor.    7.   Effective Date of Contribution.   The undersigned will become a Member in the Company as of a  given date only to the extent that the Manager receives immedia tely available funds attributable  to such contribution on such date and such funds are actually c redited to the Company.    8.   Power  of  Attorney .  The  undersigned,  as  principal,  does  hereby  constitute  and  app oint  the  Manager, as the undersigned’s true and lawful attorney, in the  name, place and stead of the  undersigned as a Member of the Company, with full right of subs titution, to make, execute, sign,  acknowledge, swear to and file:    a.   all filings, if any, which requir e the signature of one or more  Members, including, without  limitation, any such filing for the purpose of admitting the un dersigned and others as  M e m b e r s  o f  t h e  C o m p a n y  a n d  d e s c r i b i n g  t h e i r  i n i t i a l  o r  a n y  i n c r eased  capital  contributions;    b.   any and all instruments, certific ates and other documents that  may be deemed necessary  or desirable to effect the winding‐up and termination of the Co mpany;    c.   any  business  certificate,  fictitious  name  certificate,  amendmen t  thereto,  or  other  comparable instrument or document of any kind necessary or desi rable to accomplish the  business, purpose and o bjectives of the Company, or required by  any applicable federal,  state or local law; and    d.   any documents, instruments and conveyances as may be necessary  or appropriate to carry  out the provisions of the Operating Agreement.    e.   The undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that the und ersigned’s said attorney  will do, or cause to be done, by virtue of this power of attorn ey.    f.   This power of attorney is coupled with an interest, is irrevoca ble, and will survive and will  not be affected by the death, disability, incompetency, termina tion, bankruptcy, insolvency  or dissolution of the undersigned. Such representative and atto rney‐in‐fact will not have  any right, power or authority to amend or modify the Operating  Agreement when acting  in such capacity, except as otherwise set forth in the Operatin g Agreement.    9.   Electronic  Communications.    If  the  undersigned  has  consented  to  receive  electronic  Page  45  of  52       US2008 30901300 4     communications from the Company and the Manager, the undersigne d acknowledges that while  the  Company  and  the  Manager  will  take  reasonable  precautions  to   ensure  the  integrity,  confidentiality and security of the documents, they will not be  liable for any interception, computer  viruses or any other defects associated with the electronic com munications nor will they be liable  for any failure of the undersigned to successfully receive such  electronic communications.     10.   Governing Law.   This Agreement and all amendments hereto will be governed by  and construed in  accordance with the laws of the State of California and, togeth er with the rights and obligations of  the parties hereunder, will be construed under and governed by  the laws of such state without  giving effect to any choice or co nflict of law provisions or ru les that would cause the application of  the domestic substantive laws of any other jurisdiction.    11.   Severability.   Each provision of this Agreemen t is intended to be severable.   If any term or provision  is held to be invalid, void, or unenforceable by a court of com petent jurisdiction for any reason  whatsoever, such ruling will not affect the validity of the rem ainder of this Agreement, unless to  do so would defeat an essential purpose of this Agreement.    12.   Pronouns .  All pronouns contained herein and any variations thereof wil l be deemed to refer to the  masculine, feminine or neuter, singular or plural, as the ident ity of the parties hereto may require.    13.   Certification.   The undersigned represents to the Company, the Manager and ea ch Member that:  (a) the information contained in this Agreement and in the Inve stor Questionnaire  is complete and  accurate on the date hereof and may be relied upon thereby; (b)  the undersigned will notify the  Company immediately of any change in any of such information oc curring prior to the Company’s  acceptance  of  this  Agreement  and  will  promptly  send  the  Company  a n d  M a n a g e r  w r i t t e n   confirmation of such change; and (c) that, unless specifically  identified to the Company in writing  otherwise, the undersigned is not subject to backup withholding  either because the undersigned  has not been notified that the undersigned is subject to backup  withholding as a result of a failure  to report all interest or dividends, or the Internal Revenue Se rvice has notified the undersigned  that the undersigned is no longer subject to backup withholding .    14.   Other.   T h i s  A g r e e m e n t  w i l l :   ( a )  b e  b i nding  upon  the  undersigned  and   the  heirs,  legal  representatives, successors, and  permitted assigns of the under signed and will inure to the benefit  of the Company and its successors and assigns; (b) survive the  acceptance of the undersigned as a  Member of the Company; and (c) if the undersigned consists of m ore than one person, be the joint  and several obligation of each of such persons.  Notwithstandin g the foregoing, the parties agree  that any action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision  of, or based on any right arising out  of, this Agreement may be brought against any of the parties in  any appropriate state or federal  court located in the State of California, and each of the parti es consents to the jurisdiction of such  courts in any such action or proceeding and waives any objectio n to venue laid therein.    15.   Signature and Confirmation.   The agreements and representations made by the undersigned he rein  extend to and apply to all of Units now or hereafter purchased  by the undersigned and to any  additional capital contributions to the Company.  The signature  by the undersigned will constitute  a confirmation by the undersigned that all agreements, represen tations and warranties made  herein will be true and correct  as of the date hereof.  If the  undersigned is a Plan , the signature of  Page  46  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   its sp onsor represents the spons or’s obligation to be bound by  the provisions of Section 5 hereof.  UNITS REFERRED TO IN THIS AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UN DER THE 1933 ACT, OR UNDER  APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  SUCH UNITS ARE BEING OFFERED  AND SOLD ON THE BASIS OF ONE  OR MORE OF THE STATUTORY EXEMPTI ONS AND SAFE HARBORS FROM REGIS TRATION PROVIDED BY THE  1933 ACT AND REGULATION D PROMULG ATED THEREUNDER. ACCORDINGLY, A UNIT CANNOT BE RESOLD  OR TRANSFERRED BY ANY INVESTOR WITHOUT REGISTRATION OF THE SECU RITIES UNDER THE 1933 ACT  AND APPLICABLE STATE LAWS, OR IN A TRANSACTION THAT IS EXEMPT F ROM SUCH LAWS.  [Signatures on Next Page]  Page  47  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   Very  Truly Yours,  Name of Investor  __________________________  ( A ccount)  Name of Signer   __________________________  S i g n a t u r e    _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Date    __________________________  Name of Signer  __________________________  S i g n a t u r e    _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Date    __________________________  For Benefit Plan Investors Only  N a m e   o f   P l a n   S p o n s o r   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  Name of Signer   __________________________  S i g n a t u r e    _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  D a t e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  For Benefit Plan Sponsor  (Only to the extent previous si gnature is not that of a trustee  or investment manager as  defined in ERISA)  Name  __________________________     (Trustee or Investment Manager)  Name of Signer  __________________________  S i g n a t u r e    _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  D a t e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  COMMUNE FUND VI, LLC  B y   COMMUNE FUND VI MANAGEMENT, LLC  Name of Signer  __________________________  T i t l e   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __________________  A c c e p t e d   o n   (date)   __________________________  Page  48  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   SIGNATURE PAGE TO AM ENDED AND RE STATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPAN Y AGREEMENT  (PAGES 48 ‐ 50)  Page  49  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   M EMBER COUNTERPART SIGNATURE PAGE  to  LIMITED LIABILITY CO MPANY AGREEMENT  of  COMMUNE FUND VI, LLC  [ For   Individual Members ]  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigne d has executed this Agreement  on  Date  __________________________  Address   __________________________  __________________________  Signature  __________________________  Name of Signer  __________________________  IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES  T HE UNITS IN THE COMPANY HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED  BY THE SEC OR THE SECURITIES  R E  G  U L A T O R Y  A U T H O R I T Y  O F  A N Y  S T A T E .  N E I T H E R  T H E  S E  C   N O R  A N Y  S T A T E  SECURITIES  REGULATORY  AUTHORITY HAS MADE AN  INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF WHETHER THE UNI TS OFFERED HEREIN ARE  EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION.  THE UNITS IN THE COMPANY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND HAVE NOT BEEN  REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE, BUT ARE BEIN G OFFERED AND SOLD ON THE BASIS OF  ONE OR MORE OF THE STATUTORY EXEMPTIONS AND SAFE HARBORS FROM REGISTRATION FOUND UNDER THE  SECURITIES ACT OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS. UNITS MAY NOT BE SOLD,  PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED, OR ASSIGNED  EXCEPT IN A TRANSACTIO N WHICH COMPLIES WITH OR IS EXEMPT UNDER  THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE  STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT THEREUNDER OR IN A  TRANSACTION OTHERWISE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT, AP PLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND  THIS AGREEMENT.  Page  50  of  52   US2008 30901300 4   M EMBER COUNTERPART SIGNATURE PAGE  to  LIMITED LIABILITY CO MPANY AGREEMENT  of  COMMUNE FUND VI, LLC  [ For   Entity Members ]  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigne d has executed this Agreement  on  Date  __________________________  Address   __________________________  __________________________  Name of Entity  __________________________  Signature  __________________________  Name of Signer  __________________________  Title    __________________________  IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES  T HE UNITS IN THE COMPANY HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED  BY THE SEC OR THE SECURITIES  R E  G  U L A T O R Y  A U T H O R I T Y  O F  A N Y  S T A T E .  N E I T H E R  T H E  S E  C   N O R  A N Y  S T A T E  SECURITIES  REGULATORY  AUTHORITY HAS MADE AN  INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF WHETHER THE UNI TS OFFERED HEREIN ARE  EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION.  THE UNITS IN THE COMPANY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SEC URITIES ACT AND HAVE NOT BEEN  REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE, BUT ARE BEIN G OFFERED AND SOLD ON THE BASIS  OF ONE OR MORE OF THE STATUTORY EXEMPTIONS AND SAFE HARBORS FRO M REGISTRATION FOUND UNDER  THE SECURITIES ACT OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS. UNITS MAY NOT BE S OLD, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED, OR  ASSIGNED EXCEPT IN A TRANSACTION WHICH COMPLIES WITH OR IS EXEMPT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND  APPLICABLE  STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS ,  OR  PURSUANT  TO  AN  EFFECTIVE  R EGISTRATION  STATEMENT  THEREUNDER OR IN A TRANSACTION OTHERWISE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE  SECURITIES ACT, APPLICABLE  STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND THIS AGREEMENT.  US2 008 13173213 2  THIRD PARTY CERTIFICATION OF ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS  Prospective Investor Authorization  The undersigned (“ Prospective Investor ”) has proposed to make an investment in Commune Capital, LLC (the “ Issuer ”) in an offering  of securities (the “ Offering ”) made pursuant to Rule 506(c) of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities  Act ”), which imposes a requirement that the Issuer take reasonable steps to verify that Prospective Investor is an “accredited investor”  as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of the Securities Act.  Prospective  Investor  has  requested that  ____________________________________________________ (“ Third  Party  Verifier ”)  verify Prospective Investor’s status as an accredited investor to the Issuer.   Prospective Investor permits the Issuer, or any third party engaged by the Issuer, to contact Third Party Verifier for purposes of verifying  Prospective Investor’s status as an accredited investor.  For individuals :  Name of Prospective Investor (please print)  Signature:  Date:  For entities:   Name of Prospective Investor (please print)  By:  Print Name:  Title:  Date:  Third Party Certification  Prospective Investor has requested Third Party Verifier to verify Prospective Investor’s status as an accredited investor in connection  with the Offering.  1. Third Party Verifier Status .  Third Party Verifier certifies that Third Party Verifier is a ( please select one of the following ): [   ]  A registered broker-dealer.  [   ]  An investment adviser registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  [   ]  A licensed attorney who is in good standing under the laws of the jurisdictions in which Third Party Verifier is admitted  to practice law.  [   ]  A certified public accountant who is duly registered and in good standing under the laws of the place of Third Party  Verifier’s residence or principal office.  2. Accredited Investor Status .  Third Party Verifier:  (a) has taken reasonable steps to verify that Prospective Investor is an accredited investor within the prior three months; and (b) confirms Prospective Investor, to the best of Third Party Verifier’s knowledge  and based upon such reasonable steps, is an accredited investor because Prospective Investor meets one or more of the following criteria:   A natural person whose individual net worth or joint net worth, with that person’s spouse, at the date of this Subscription Agreement, exceeds $1,000,000; Note:  For purposes of determining a person’s net worth, the value of the person’s primary residence may not be included as an asset.  The related amount of indebtedness secured by the primary residence, up to its fair market value, need not be included as a liability, except that if the amount of such indebtedness outstanding as of the date of the applicable date exceeds the amount outstanding sixty (60) days before such date (other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary residence), the amount of such excess must be included as a liability.  Indebtedness secured by the primary residence in excess of the value of the home is considered a liability and must be deducted from a person’s net worth.  A natural person who had an individual income in excess of $200,000 in each of the two most recent years or joint income with that person’s spouse in excess of $300,000 in each of those years and who has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year;  A bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any savings and loan association or other institution as defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities Act, whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity; any broker or dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the “ Exchange Page  5 1  of  52      US2008 13173213 2  Act ”); any insurance company as defined in Section 2(a)(13) of the Securities Act; any investment company registered under  the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “ ICA ”) or a business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the  ICA;  any  Small  Business  Investment  Company  (SBIC)  licensed  by  the  U.S.  Small  Business  Administration  under  Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958; any plan established and maintained by a State, its political  subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees, if such  plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000; any employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income  Security Act of 1974 (“ ERISA ”), if the investment decision is made by a plan fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA,  which is either a bank, savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment advisor, or if the employee  benefit plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000 or, if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made solely by persons  who are Accredited Investors;   A private business development company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940;  An organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, corporation, Massachusetts or similar business trust, or partnership, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000;  A trust, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person as described in Section 506(b)(2)(ii) of the Securities Act ( i.e. , a person who has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that he or she is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Units); or  An entity in which all the equity owners are accredited investors. 3. Reliance .  Third Party Verifier represents and warrants that it understands the meaning and legal consequences of the certifications made by Third Party Verifier herein, and acknowledges that the Issuer, or any third party engaged by the Issuer, is relying  on such certifications:  (a) in making a determination to accept or reject the proposed investment in the Offering; and (b) and for purposes  of complying with Rule 506(c) of under Regulation D of the Securities Act.  If this document is executed by an individual on behalf of  an entity, the undersigned confirms the undersigned is authorized to sign on the entity’s behalf.   Firm Name (if applicable):   Signature:  Printed Name:  Title (if applicable):  License # & Jurisdiction:  Date  Email Address:  Telephone:  Address:   Please sign and return a completed certification to Commune Capital, LLC, the manager of the Issuer, at:  If by mail :  Commune Capital, LLC  Attention: Michael Michalov  31248 Oak Crest Drive, Suite 100  Westlake Village, California 9136 1   If by email:  Email: investors@communecapital.com   Page  5 2  of  52      